The tax man needs to cometh.That’s the message from Ontario’s opposition New Democrats, who want the Canada Revenue Agency to review the charitable status of Charles McVety’s Canada Christian College in the wake of new revelations by the .MPP Laura Mae Lindo, who first exposed the push by Premier Doug Ford’s Progressive Conservatives to upgrade McVety’s controversial evangelical college to a university, wrote to the CRA on Tuesday.“I … request the CRA’s investigation and insight as to whether the CCC is appropriately or not using its charitable donations,” wrote Lindo (Kitchener Centre).McVety, a friend and supporter of the premier, has been accused of prejudice against lesbians, gays, transgender people and Muslims.“Charles McVety should never be granted an even larger platform to spew his bigotry and hate,” said Lindo.“The revelation that he and his son have also borrowed hundreds of thousands of dollars for themselves from the college reeks of something very wrong with the CCC’s finances,” she said.“I’ve asked Revenue Canada to investigate, as it’s not clear if they were ever made aware, as the agency that reviews charities, of these loans hidden from public view.”Citing an investigation by the  Martin Regg Cohn, Lindo expressed surprise that McVety and his lawyer have declined to respond to specific questions about the college’s finances. The questions were posed in consultation with forensic accountant Charles Smedmor, and were about six-figure loans to McVety and his son, Ryan, from the registered charity they operate as president and vice-president.CRA  state a charitable organization’s “income cannot be used for the personal benefit of any of its members, shareholders or governing officials.”Last week, the , citing social media posts, said McVety family members appeared to use some of the charity’s money for pleasure craft, jet skis and all-terrain vehicles that they referred to as “toys.”“The Income Tax Act specifies that there is a penalty involved for any charity where a benefit has been conferred to a person who is not at arms-length of the charity,” wrote Lindo.“I am concerned these loans and these lavish expenditures demonstrate the charity has used its income — tuition and charitable donations — for the personal benefit of its governing officials.”The veil was lifted on the privately funded college’s finances when the province’s independent Post-secondary Education Quality Assessment Board (PEQAB), which is reviewing its request for university status, .“PEQAB has admittedly leaked private and proprietary information about Canada Christian College on their website, including but not limited to home addresses, personal cellphone numbers and other protected information,” McVety’s lawyer, Julian Porter, said in a written statement on Oct. 29.“As president, Charles McVety’s salary is set at $200,000 per year. However, he was only paid a salary of approximately $50,000 per year. All other benefits, including housing and car allowances, were set up as loans with interest,” the statement said.“Charles McVety began repaying them two years ago in an audited agreement with the college. Ryan McVety’s salary is set at $150,000 per year and he was only paid a salary of approximately $60,000,” it continued.“All other benefits, including housing and car allowances for him were set up as loans with interest as well. All loans in this regard have been reviewed and audited by independent chartered professional accounts each year.”The college’s PEQAB application did not mention any antipathy toward LGBTQ communities, but it emphasized that students and faculty must “refrain from practices that are biblically condemned.”According to the submission, that includes “abortion,” “drunkenness,” and “sexual sins including premarital sex, adultery, all types of fornication and related behaviour, and viewing of pornography.”While Ford’s Tories tabled omnibus legislation last month that would effectively recognize the college as a university, .“Mr. McVety is going through the same process of every single other university in this province. And many have gone through it,” said Ford.“He’s going through it, it’s an independent process and we’ll see what happens.”
COVID-19 has not proved a disease that produces contagious optimism. We have got used to bad news with a second wave still raging around us. But the news this week that Pfizer appears to be close to a viable COVID-19 vaccine is a cause for optimism. The vaccine appears to protect 90 per cent of people who were given it, well above projected “acceptable” thresholds of just 50 per cent. Whether it also can stop people from being carriers of the coronavirus is not known, but again, there is cause for optimism. The vaccine uses a leading edge mRNA technology that is targeted toward the coronavirus and is far easier to produce as it can be manufactured and not “grown.”A vaccine candidate does not end the pandemic magically. We have work to do. Let me outline the big issues that governments need to grapple with. First, even with significant pre-production of vaccine doses, there will not be enough vaccine to go around initially.  The government needs to prioritize who gets it first. For flu vaccines, the priority is given to the vulnerable and the essential. Essential workers should be at the front of the line for COVID-19 as well, but it is far from clear that the vulnerable (those over 50 years of age — myself included) should be near the front. The reason is that we are not just interested in protecting the population but in ending the pandemic. The virus is being spread by people who are active. The vulnerable, precisely because they are that, have been more cautious and have, where possible, reorganized their lives to protect themselves. Others have been less cautious and were people who faced a greater personal cost associated with distancing. As an economist, my concern is ending the pandemic and that suggests that we might prioritize the less vulnerable first. In particular, should it prove safe, younger people and school-age children might be candidates for early doses. Second, there is actually an economic reason why those who are more willing to be active should receive priority. Compared to a situation where a vaccine is not imminent, people take fewer precautions to protect themselves. This is because there is a sense you might end up getting the virus anyway — a fatalism — and so you are not as careful socially distancing from others. Being able to get a vaccinated soon changes that calculus. Those people will now see hope and a way of taking precautions more seriously in the near term and avoiding being infected with the virus. Thus, the immediate consequence of an imminent vaccine will be to cause those people to back off their current activity. That has an economic implication. Small businesses limping along may receive another shock to their demand that may be their death knell. No one is suggesting we should pay people to go out, as they did in the U.K., but this increases the need for short-term support of those businesses during the period from now until the vaccine starts to do its work. The government needs to accelerate rather than decelerate support programs. Finally, it may take many months for the vaccine to be distributed. What do we tell people who receive the vaccine about how they should act? Is the vaccine a passport to being able to freely engage in economic and social activity? Or do we need to continue to measure outcomes and take precautions? Do vaccinated people need to wear masks? Do we have a solid information infrastructure to give people a verifiable means of convincing others — notably governments in other countries — that they have been vaccinated? I ask these questions because, despite having  about COVID-19, I do not know the answers to these questions and there appears to be a reluctance from public health officials to, up until now, give clear guidance on the answers to these questions. They may not have the answers either. Regardless, we need to know what they believe so that we can plan. A vaccine is terrific news. But it is not the end of the matter. Let’s ensure the right information fills that gap. 
Why didn’t Canada’s public health agency take the precautionary approach and assume at the beginning of the pandemic that COVID-19 can be transmitted through the air?It’s a question that experts and unions have been asking for months, and one that has taken on greater significance since the country’s top doctor, Theresa Tam, can also be transmitted via aerosols, tiny particles that can linger in the air.As critics point out, one of the key lessons of  was that governments should follow the “precautionary principle” — that is, until the science is clear, governments should err on the side of caution.In the case of COVID-19, unions representing nurses say that meant the Public Health Agency of Canada, along with provincial public health agencies, should have indicated from the start that there was a possibility the virus could be transmitted through the air. This in turn would have led to the requirement for higher levels of personal protective equipment for health-care workers, the unions say, including the need for N95 respirator masks, which protect the wearer from airborne particles.“It’s a principle that I thought everyone held. I was astonished at the resistance to abide by the precautionary principle,” said Vicki McKenna, president of the Ontario Nurses’ Association, who believes some deaths and infections of health-care workers could have been prevented if a precautionary approach had been taken early on.“I couldn’t believe that I was having the same discussions that I had years ago as a practising nurse when SARS happened, when the precautions were late coming then as well, and there was resistance to higher levels of protection.”Mario Possamai, who was a senior adviser to Ontario’s SARS Commission, said he was “sickened” that the precautionary principle was not followed in the early months of the COVID-19 pandemic, and hopes future investigations into government’s handling of the pandemic will determine why that didn’t happen.“Put yourself in the shoes of a nurse working in a long-term care facility: They’re smart, well-trained, they follow the science and see, month after month, growing evidence of airborne transmission, and as a nurse they’re very well grounded in the precautionary principle,” Possamai said. “And they’re being told by their employers, by public health agencies, by the infection control people, ‘’You don’t need an N95 respirator, you don’t need to worry about airborne precautions.’” Possamai pointed to the SARS Commission’s final report by Justice Archie Campbell, who led the independent probe into how that virus came to the province in 2003 and how it was managed. The report found that until the precautionary principle is fully recognized and enforced in the system, health-care workers would continue to be at risk from new infections like SARS. “If the Commission has one single take-home message, it is the precautionary principle that safety comes first: that reasonable efforts to reduce risk need not await scientific proof,” the report said. In a statement to the Star on Tuesday, PHAC didn’t say why it chose not to assume at the beginning of the pandemic that there was a possibility of aerosol transmission. It said its approach is to recognize the science continues to evolve.“Precaution is always fundamental when developing guidance that will be used by others,” the agency said. “As evidence emerges and as experts provide their analysis of what the evidence means, we use that to inform or update the guidance that we provide. PHAC guidance is written with input from multiple stakeholders and expert committees.”The agency said it continues to learn more about aerosol transmission. It said the virus “does not appear to fit the medical definition of airborne,” meaning it doesn’t circulate through air ducts, for example, but said there have been situations where aerosol transmission has occurred in closed settings.Possamai also led a recent independent investigation, commissioned by the Canadian Federation of Nurses Unions, into Canada’s management of COVID-19 and its impact on health-care workers.  noted about 20 per cent of Canada’s COVID-19 cases have been in health-care workers. “Since the start of COVID-19, the lessons of the precautionary principle have largely been ignored, despite repeated warnings from health care workers, unions and worker safety experts,” Possamai wrote in his report, which was released last month.Canada was also behind other health agencies in declaring last week that COVID-19 can be transmitted via aerosols. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention made the acknowledgment last month, and the World Health Organization did so in July following public pressure. The WHO had previously acknowledged the risk of aerosol transmission only during certain medical procedures, such as intubation, but in July said aerosol transmission could also be possible in crowded or poorly ventilated areas. The other mode of transmission is through droplets — large respiratory particles created when a person coughs or sneezes that can fall on someone in proximity or onto a surface, contaminating it for a certain period of time. At the same time as Tam acknowledged aerosol transmission, she said Canadians should start wearing three-layer masks, including a filter. Experts have said that three-layer masks would provide better protection against aerosol transmission as the weather gets colder and people move indoors, where the ventilation might be inadequate. The office of Ontario’s chief medical officer of health told the Star in a statement Tuesday that “after careful review, we agree with the updated PHAC guidance” on aerosol transmission. The office said it also agreed Ontarians “may consider” wearing three-layer masks. Linda Silas, president of the Canadian Federation of Nurses Unions, said the Public Health Agency of Canada has done a good job protecting the public, but has not done as well when it comes to health-care workers. While PHAC is now recommending that Canadians wear three-layer masks, Silas said the agency has still not updated its guidance for health-care workers in line with last week’s acknowledgment of aerosol transmission. She said the government has done a better job since the spring at building up the country’s personal protective equipment supply, but she said immediate access to N95 respirator masks remains an issue for some nurses, including in long-term-care facilities. “It’s like hitting our head against the wall over and over,” she said of the failure to follow the precautionary principle. PHAC told the Star it is in the process of updating its infection prevention and control guidance for health-care workers.
Toronto police have issued a public safety alert to bring awareness about an ongoing scam involving a fake taxi.It goes like this, police say: a bogus cab is parked in a high-traffic area, with one con artist posing as the driver and the other as a customer. They pretend to argue, with the driver refusing to accept payment in cash due to COVID-19.A member of the public is meant to overhear the argument and offer to pay the fare with their debit card, in exchange for cash from the passenger. The victim then inserts a debit card into what police describe as a “modified point of sale terminal” — a device that will look like a typical cabbie’s terminal, but it records card data and PIN numbers. The con artists can then make withdrawals and purchases using the victim’s account.Police, whose fraud investigation is underway, say there may be other fake taxis running a similar scam. They have also asked anyone with information to reach out and they remind the public to be “vigilant” for example, to be aware of cab numbers and company name on the side of the vehicle, as well as the driver’s ID displayed inside.
In , Kofi Hope provided an inspired vision for greater coordination by all orders of government to support the economic and social revitalization of Toronto’s Rexdale neighbourhood. To achieve this vision, Hope proposes a new federal-provincial-municipal agency modelled on Waterfront Toronto. However, another made-in-Canada policy innovation — Urban Development Agreements (UDAs) — may be better suited to the task.As I set out in , some key ingredients are essential to well-functioning and locally responsive intergovernmental action. First, tri-level governance must be embedded in the community and responsive to evolving local priorities. Second, robust intergovernmental dialogue requires regular meetings among elected officials, senior administrators, and especially front-line teams. Third, a nimble policy secretariat must flexibly match governmental resources with neighbourhood priorities. Finally, accountability must rest on professional evaluations and community feedback in time-limited cycles of renewed mandates.Research shows that agencies like Waterfront Toronto, with long- term mandates and elaborate bureaucracies, often become insulated from the community and pursue flashy innovations detached from the grassroots or wider public interest. Intergovernmental communication becomes more symbolic than substantive.Canada’s UDAs, implemented in Winnipeg and Vancouver, have had greater success at co-ordinating the three orders of government and including local community and businesses. Each had features that make them worth emulating in Toronto.Winnipeg and Vancouver’s UDAs, including their community engagement, can be improved upon. They have not erased decades of neighbourhood decline, but they offer an instructive model for Toronto. Toronto’s most vulnerable neighbourhoods have long suffered from underinvestment and now are being disproportionately impacted by COVID-19. That’s why Hope’s call for targeted action must be heard. In 2005, a Toronto UDA was all but signed when the minority federal government fell. Today, an agreement could deliver on the promising vision Hope has articulated.
OTTAWA—Prime Minister  is denouncing the actions of a former Toronto Liberal MP, who resigned from caucus Monday night after she admitted she used public resources to hire her sister. Speaking to reporters on Parliament Hill Tuesday, Trudeau said it was “unacceptable” for Yasmin Ratansi to do this — an apparent breach of parliamentary rules that prohibit MPs from using public money to hire members of their “immediate family.”“I am deeply disappointed by the news I learned yesterday from Ms. Ratansi, and how she handled the office,” Trudeau said. “It is unacceptable and I expect there to be a thorough followup by the House administration on this.”Ratansi is the long-time MP for the North York riding of Don Valley East. She did not respond to multiple requests for comment from the Star on Tuesday. In a post on Facebook Monday night, Ratansi apologized to her constituents and said she had advised Trudeau’s office and the Speaker of the House of Commons that she was resigning from the Liberal caucus and would sit as an Independent MP. She said she had referred the matter to the Conflict of Interest and Ethics Commissioner and that she would follow his instructions on how to “remediate” the situation. The commissioner’s office declined to comment on communications with Ratansi, citing MP confidentiality. “I made an error of judgment by employing my sister in my constituency office, and I have remedied the situation, but this does not excuse the error I made,” the post said.About an hour later, the CBC reported that former staffers in Ratansi’s office said the MP tried to hide how she was employing her sister, including by having her use a fake name. The broadcaster reported that Ratansi’s statement was posted more than 30 hours after CBC asked her to comment. The sister named in the CBC story did not respond to voice mails seeking comment on Tuesday.The Conservatives, meanwhile, called Tuesday for Ratansi’s “immediate resignation” as the MP for Don Valley East. Mark Holland, the Liberal party’s chief whip in the House of Commons, said Ratansi was right to resign from caucus and that any further decision now rests with her alone as an Independent MP. “The rules that are put in place for Parliament around the use of expenditures are incredibly important. It’s essential that we uphold the trust that’s put in us,” he told the Star by phone Tuesday. He did not say whether Ratansi could rejoin caucus in the future, stating that that decision would be the party’s to make. Heather Bradley, the director of communications for the House Speaker, told the Star that the Commons administration is now examining the matter and will report to the Speaker Anthony Rota. It will be up to the Board of Internal Economy, a Commons committee chaired by Roti, to determine what, if any, consequences Ratansi would face. The board has previously called on MPs to repay budgets deemed improperly spent, such as in 2014 after NDP MPs used House budgets for satellite offices. According to Ratansi’s , she spent almost $273,000 on employee salaries in the last fiscal year. She currently has five employees listed in her office directory. 
Mary Wollstonecraft did her best. She earned her name as the “mother of feminism.” In 1792, she wrote “A Vindication of the Rights of Woman,” and 228 years after this stunning, visionary book was published, the rights of women are still tenuous, crushable, and now heading backwards like an ocean wave reversed.Amid that wash of news about every kind of assault on women’s rights worldwide, some of it here in Canada, it was cheering to read of Wollstonecraft finally being honoured by , the city of her birth, where almost all statues honour men. Unveiled on Tuesday, the $246,000 CAN sculpture by  accurately reflects the current torment of women’s lives in one way: it is . It is laughable, a failed statue that mocks Wollstonecraft by showing her as a nude mermaid poking out of a mass of what might be female forms or just a battered tower of butter rendered in silvered bronze.Worse, the statue is tiny and Wollstonecraft the tiniest part of it. It’s so small it would function better as a traffic cone. It’s a doll. You’d put it on top of your ecumenical Christmas tree if you couldn’t find anything better. I’ve hazarded Santas, stars and milkmaids but would draw the line at a Barbie doll with a man’s head plus pubic hair so lavish it looks like a pompom.I imagine Hambling wanted to do something different from the usual, men stolid in their greatcoats on giant plinths, masters of all they survey. So why not save the nudity for Great Dudes statues and show Wollstonecraft beaten by her drunk father, self-educated and working as an ill-paid governess, in love with horrendous men, dying in childbirth, and vilified after death for having been unchaste according to customs of the time. That is what Wollstonecraft’s life was like, much like women’s lives today. As I write, a Thunder Bay, Ont., man  after he threw a trailer hitch at an Indigenous woman, Barbara Kentner, in 2017, for fun. After Brayden Bushby, 21, hit her in the stomach with the heavy ball of rusted metal, he allegedly laughed. He was not charged with murder but manslaughter, and has pled guilty only to aggravated assault, for he claims Kentner’s pre-existing medical conditions led to her death, not his killer weapon rupturing her small intestine. Again, as I write, Alek Minassian, a self-proclaimed incel and hater of women, is  for mowing down 26 people with a rented van on Yonge St. in 2018. He killed eight women, and two men, and injured another 16 people. The details are wretched, elderly women unable to hear the clamour, unable to move fast enough to get out of Minassian’s way. In October, Canadians learned the identity of the man who raped and killed 9-year-old Christine Jessop in 1984, and then beheaded her. It was revealed during trial that Jessop’s brother and two other boys had been sexually assaulting her for years. Because she had been born a little infant girl, she already had a target on her. In one small town, Queensville, Ont., there were four males who would prey on her tiny body. FOUR.And then consider the bitter man estranged from his family who drove from Winnipeg to Oshawa in October 2020 : his sister Loretta, her husband, and her four children. Loretta Traynor and one of the children survived. One never knows of the existence of a family annihilator until the day he decides to act.Those are just recent deaths. COVID-19 has been the greatest enemy, driving women  back to levels not seen since 1986. It is a catastrophe for women trying to maintain independence and control, to pay rent, to buy food. Many women with children who can’t get or afford daycare have had to quit their day jobs. Women’s lives, even in the wealthier nations, are in a parlous state. Mary Wollstonecraft, living by the skin of her teeth, would have understood. Best skip the statue and read her one more time. 
Citing soaring rates of infection in Toronto, the city’s medical officer of health on Tuesday announced continued restrictions for bars and restaurants and urged residents to limit their in-person interactions to those they live with.“To everyone in Toronto, I want to warn you in the plainest possible terms that COVID-19 is out there at levels we have not seen before,” said Dr. Eileen de Villa, speaking at a press conference at city hall. “You should assume it is everywhere and that without proper precautions and protections, you are at risk of infection.” De Villa invoked her powers as a medical officer of health to override an earlier decision made by the province to move Toronto into the “orange” category under a new provincial framework, introduced by Premier Doug Ford last week, that would have meant loosening restrictions. Toronto had been heading towards reopening gyms and allowing indoor dining as early as this weekend, after 28 days of restrictions that began Thanksgiving weekend were extended an additional week. “Restaurants are disappointed with today’s announcement,” said James Rilett, a spokesperson for Restaurants Canada, representing business owners. “Operators and employees have been placed on an emotional roller coaster as they were gearing up for reopening.” As late as Friday, Mayor John Tory had said he was optimistic that it would be possible to find a way to safely reopen bars, restaurants and gyms, even as COVID-19 infections continued to rise. On Tuesday, new infections hit 533 in Toronto — another record-breaking number in a week of record-breaking numbers. At the same time, Ontario hit a new provincial high of 1,388 cases. Tory said the decision to keep the current restrictions in place and add more was made following extensive discussions. “I’m satisfied these are the right measures to take at this moment in time,” he said. The restrictions announced Tuesday for Toronto . Indoor dining will remain prohibited, meeting and event spaces will remain closed, along with casinos, bingo halls and other gaming establishments. Gyms may reopen, but may not hold indoor group fitness or exercise classes. De Villa is also recommending that people restrict close personal contact to those they live with and limit activities outside the home to work, school, health care, shopping for food and exercise. She is also recommending that workplaces implement work-from-home policies if possible. “I recognize that these actions will have economic impacts and I am truly sorry for this. I truly am. However, in my professional opinion, the greatest harm would be to allow COVID-19 to spread at this rate,” she said. While restaurateurs have said they have not seen evidence that closing restaurants led to a reduction in transmission of COVID-19, de Villa said Tuesday that’s not the case. She said the restrictions had an impact in neighbourhoods like Little Portugal, a downtown enclave with a relatively young population and many bars and restaurants. The COVID-19 case rate for the three weeks ending Oct. 10 was 604 per 100,000 people and by Nov. 8, after weeks of restrictions, it had dropped to 77 cases per 100,000 people. Epidemiologist Dr. Colin Furness praised de Villa’s move, saying that scaling back testing and loosening restrictions was a recipe for disaster. “Even with today’s announcements on extending closures, Toronto may be hurtling toward an overloaded health-care system by early January. In other words, we may still need to do more,” said Furness, an assistant professor at the Institute for Health Policy Management and Evaluation, Dalla Lana School of Public Health. By invoking her powers as a medical officer of health, de Villa was following in the footsteps of Peel Region’s medical officer of health, Dr. Lawrence Loh, who issued tough new restrictions on weddings, workplaces and banquet halls amid rising COVID-19 infection rates. Overcrowding at the William Osler Health System there has forced the transfer of patients to other GTA hospitals. Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said the federal government is making it easier for provinces to do the right thing and shut down, and put in restrictions to control the spread of COVID-19. “I would hope that no leader in our country is easing public health vigilance because they feel pressure not to shut down businesses or slow down our economy,” said Trudeau. “Beating COVID is the only way to protect our economy.” Cases in Ontario are spreading to areas that used to have few, if any, infections and numbers are rising in areas like Niagara, which set a pandemic record with 63 new cases confirmed Tuesday, the largest single day of cases in Niagara since the pandemic began. 
When former U.S. president Barack Obama appeared with at a drive-in rally in Miami just before  last week, he held out hope that a Biden administration would be a whole lot less exhausting.“You’ll be able to (go) about your lives knowing that the president’s doing his job instead of suggesting we inject bleach,” Obama said.We’re not there yet, and not just because hasn’t accepted defeat.The stimulus package that is in flux in the United States, and that means so much to the stability of markets and economies including next door in Canada, will still toss and turn with the upheaval of U.S. politics for the next couple of months — and perhaps even longer, depending on the balance of power in the Senate.And the coronavirus is raging, here and there, pushing many areas to increase restrictions.These next few weeks in the U.S. are crucial for Canada’s economic recovery.For sure, the sigh of relief that many Canadians breathed upon learning the presidency would go to Biden is warranted on many fronts over the long run.With a predictable president and a stable administration that negotiates in traditional ways, Canada can hope for a calmer, more rational ongoing conversation with its closest trading partner. There will be the perennial concerns about softwood lumber, “buy American” and the Canadian exemption, and security at the border. There will be relentless lobbying on the Keystone XL pipeline.Those conversations will be important for Canada’s economy but, as Obama suggested, they will require less constant and creative diplomacy as Trump’s approach to trade demanded. It will certainly be far less exhausting than having to instantly mobilize allies on both sides of the border to fight off an aluminum tariff that pops out of nowhere.But long before we get to sitting down and discussing the finer points of stumpage fees and countervailing duty tariffs, the politics around the U.S. stimulus package are a daily reminder of how Biden winning the presidency is one thing, but stability throughout the U.S. political landscape is quite another.Democrats and Republicans have been bickering about the size and shape of the next stimulus package for months.The Democrats in the House of Representatives and the Senate are pushing for measures worth about $2.4 trillion (U.S.). Republicans, who control the Senate, want to see $500 billion in aid, a package that would not include stimulus cheques for individuals or transfers to state or local governments. There was another showdown on Monday, and compromise seems a long way off.The size of the package matters to Canada, of course, and so does the design. The bigger the package, the more money washes over the border to buy our goods and services. The more money that goes to lower-income Americans, the more likely it is to be spent rather than saved, and Canada once again benefits.Both countries were generous with their support packages during the early stages of the , but the animosity between the Democrats and the Republicans has meant that there is no predictability to that support in the U.S. right now.The election results probably won’t change that dynamic. The Democrats have maintained control of Congress but the Senate is evenly divided, awaiting run-off elections in January.That’s exhausting for Canadians looking for all the help we can get to boost our economic growth.Mixed into all this is each country’s ability to deal with the spread of the coronavirus, which is tightly linked to the ability of the economy to recover on both sides of the border.“By far the greatest risk (for growth) right now is COVID spread,” says Nathan Janzen, a Canada-U.S. specialist at Royal Bank of Canada.While the U.S. tends to shun pandemic restraints more than Canada, both countries are seeing a steep rise in localized new restrictions as COVID-19 caseloads grow, hurting consumption and productivity on both sides of the border.That throws economic momentum into question in the United States and Canada. The Canada-U.S. border remains closed, of course, hurting tourism and some forms of trade. And the wait for a Biden plan and a vaccine that works feels very, very long, for businesses and workers alike.There’s a connection between government relief packages and the spread of COVID-19. In Canada, the fiscal response has been proportionately larger than in other countries, and the spread of the virus has been less deadly than in the United States and Europe, . Canada can hope that, for the sake of humanity and for the economy, American lawmakers can figure out a balance that will juice their growth, grapple with the pandemic, and agree on a stable plan that will set us all on the right track.But even just hoping is downright exhausting.
“The grave risk we currently face is evident,” Toronto’s top doctor told residents on Tuesday afternoon. “More action is required to protect the people of Toronto from the rampant spread of COVID-19.”With that, Dr. Eileen de Villa, the city’s medical officer of health, to keep businesses from reopening in Toronto on Saturday as planned under new Ontario guidelines.She also strongly urged residents and businesses to take additional steps to protect their health.De Villa’s move came as the number of new cases in the city continue to rise more than 500 per day.Here’s what you need to know:The province did away with numbered stages as of last weekend (“Stage 2”) and there is now a colour-coded system based on new criteria .Originally, Toronto was supposed to enter the “orange” or “restrict” phase but city officials asked for more time — until Saturday — to assess the situation locally. De Villa is now recommending Toronto be placed in the “red” or “control” stage as of that date, which is one stage before a full lockdown. She has also imposed additional restrictions on residents and businesses.Starting at 12:01 a.m. on Saturday, new orders from de Villa will be in place for 28 days. Those orders add a layer on top of the province’s “red” category rules for the following businesses:Under the new provincial framework, up to 10 people are allowed to be indoors at bars and restaurants in the “red” category, but de Villa’s orders will keep feasting and imbibing to winter patios only at tables of up to four people. All establishments will close at 10 p.m. and alcohol will only be served until 9 p.m. Strip clubs will remain closed under provincial rules.However, individual use of indoor gym facilities like weights and other exercise equipment will now be allowed with up to 10 people inside a gym at a time, as permitted by provincial rules. Face coverings must be used inside when not exercising.Outdoor fitness classes of up to 25 people will also be permitted under provincial rules. No team sports except for training are allowed under provincial rules.These are enforceable new rules under the provincial Health Protection and Promotion Act (HPPA) and the province’s Reopening Ontario Act. Under section 22 of the HPPA, a medical officer of health can make an order that would require a person to refrain from a specified activity if they are of the opinion or have “reasonable and probable grounds” to believe a communicable disease exists and there is an immediate risk of outbreak; that the disease poses a risk to people in their health unit; and that the requirements in their order are necessary to “decrease or eliminate” that risk to health. Last month, de Villa told reporters she did not believe she had the legal authority under the HPPA to make such sweeping orders, referencing advice from the city’s legal team. On Tuesday, she said that legal advice had not changed, but the urgency of the situation had.Yes. According to the HPPA, anyone who contravenes an order under the Act could be fined up to $5,000 per day for every day the offence occurs or continues. Corporations can be fined up to $25,000 per day and their officers and employees can also be found liable.Additional, harsher penalties exist for breaching provincial orders. Yes. De Villa is also “strongly” recommending — but the city can’t enforce — the following measures:
With all the hardship facing so many people right now, and our collective extravagance fatigue, gifts that give back have never made more sense. Luckily, more and more brands are offering chic, useful and fun items that are a joy to give and receive  have a positive impact on the environment or society when purchased. If you’ve been having shopping shame since the pandemic hit, here are some guilt-free ways to splurge.Adorned with the most heartwarming, hopeful image possible — Cookie Monster and friends standing in front of the word “PEACE” — this Peace Collective x Sesame Street sweatshirt should be required wearing for everyone right now. Do-good Canadian brand Peace Collective regularly launches capsule collections whose proceeds benefit various charitable organizations, and for every clothing purchase it donates five meals to a child in need through the Mary’s Meals charity. Plus, when you spend over $100, you get free shipping and a free mask. This BIPOC-owned Canadian brand creates vegan and cruelty-free fragrances named to inspire: Soar, Brilliance, Discover. Made in Halifax, the scents are all coconut-oil-based and free of questionable chemicals. Resilience is a floral with notes of bergamot, rose, magnolia and peach. For every purchase from its Girl Power collection, Bailly donates $5 to Girl Power Project, an initiative dedicated to bringing social justice and education to young girls around the world. Good old World Vision: Since the ’50s, this Canadian org has been helping kids in impoverished nations worldwide. Part of its fundraising efforts involves working with local artisans in disadvantaged countries to create items for its charitable gift catalogue, providing a decent source of income as well as gifts that give back through the proceeds. These cool brass and cowhorn earrings are handmade by Kenyan craftspeople. Vancouver brand Flax Sleep makes 100 per cent linen bedding and table, er, linens, plus unisex robes. Part of Flax Sleep’s proceeds go to Atira Women’s Resource Society, a not-for-profit organization working to end violence against women. The brand has an impressive 60-night return policy if you’re not in love with your purchase, and any returned merchandise also goes to Atira. According to Province of Canada, socks are the most needed clothing item among Canada’s homeless population — and the least donated. The brand is addressing this disparity with its Buy a Sock, Give a Sock program: for every pair of socks purchased, a pair is donated to a Canadian homeless shelter. These slipper socks are 85 per cent wool, 15 per cent nylon, and made in Canada like all Province products. Anishinaabe mom of two Jennifer Harper started Cheekbone Beauty with her savings after taking online courses in marketing and social media. Ten per cent of sales from her Canadian-made, cruelty-free cosmetics go to Shannen’s Dream, a campaign that advocates for better education for First Nations children. This refillable face palette comes in four shade combinations. Customers rave about this serum’s ability to clear up acne-prone skin. A blend of organic and wild-harvested oils, natural salicylic acid and Manuka concentrate, it targets uneven skin tone, moisturizes and cleanses pores. Vancouver-based Okoko Cosmétiques donates to organizations devoted to human trafficking prevention, women’s housing and to providing financial literacy and wellness education to African-Canadian immigrants. There’s also an option at checkout to donate to charities including The David Suzuki Foundation and Dress for Success. If there’s a way to be a more socially and environmentally conscious clothing manufacturer, Girlfriend Collective has thought of it and made it happen. Its detailed list of do-better initiatives is more than 2,500 words long, so we won’t repeat it here, but briefly it involves using waste plastic to make its fabrics, treating its own wastewater, providing fair wages and safe conditions for workers and taking back its own clothing items to recycle them. These supersoft joggers (with pockets!) are made from recycled post-consumer plastic bottles, 29 of them to be exact. Kayu is another start-to-finish sustainable brand bringing employment opportunities to less fortunate communities. By cultivating long-term partnerships with artisans from the Philippines, Ecuador, Indonesia and Malaysia, it helps preserve traditional crafting practices and cultural heritage. These 18k-gold-plated charms come with a gold safety pin to attach them to Kayu’s artisan-made straw bags, but they’d be super cute on a gold chain, too. Give-a-Care, created by Rethink Breast Cancer, is the first line of products specifically for young women with breast cancer. It includes a headache balm, ginger candies (for nausea), personal lube and this lipstick, which comes in three shades. All proceeds from the line help fund Rethink programs, which support young women and families affected by breast cancer. The lipstick is made by Toronto brand da’lish, which checks all the right boxes: Canadian-made, vegan, eco-friendly and locally sourced. 
Transit-priority measures like those installed for the King Street pilot project could be coming to a longer section of King and be applied to Queen Street as well underthe city’s10-year plan to improve service on busy bus and streetcar routes. In  headed to Mayor John Tory’s executive committee next Wednesday,city transportation staff lay out plans to boost TTC service on 20 corridors across Toronto using initiatives like signal priority, reserved or dedicated transit lanes, and the removal or restriction of on-street parking. The first half of the Surface Transit Network Plan, scheduled for 2021 to 2024, is estimated to cost $62 million.According to the report, the city’s primary goal is to use Toronto’s road network to move the most people possible during busy periods. It notes that because transit vehicles carry more people than cars, giving priority to buses and streetcars “contributes significantly to achieving the most efficient utilization of available roadway space.”The city  on the first corridor, Eglinton Avenue East, between Brimley Road and the campus of the University of Toronto Scarborough. Jane Street, Steeles Avenue West, Finch Avenue East, and Dufferin Street are next in line to get bus lanes in the coming years. In later stages, the city intends to explore transit-boosting measures on King and Queen that could mirror the traffic restrictions installed on a 2.6-kilometre stretch of King between Bathurst and Jarvis Streets in 2017. That project started as a $1.5-million pilot and despite opposition from some local business owners  after staff reported it had increased transit ridership on King by 17 per cent. In the new report, transportation staff write that given the success of that project, the city should explore “further extensions of transit priority along King” and examine “similar applications of transit priority on other streetcar corridors such as Queen.”The section of King staff are targeting for new measures stretches nearly eight kilometres from Roncesvalles Avenue to the Don Valley Parkway, and the section of Queen runs about 14 kilometres from Roncesvalles to Victoria Park Avenue. Exactly which measures would be installed on Queen, King, and other streets would be determined through further study. Detailed design for both Queen and King is scheduled for 2027, and installation for 2028. Corridors scheduled to receive transit priority measures before then include Lawrence Avenue East, Finch Avenue West, Sheppard Avenue, Don Mills Road-Don Mills Boulevard-Pape Avenue, Victoria Park, and Keele Street.David Cooper, a Toronto-based transit consultant with the firm Leading Mobility, praised the plan. “The city is so reliant on surface transit and it needs to start being an area of focus for investment,” he said.The pandemic has caused a huge drop in TTC demand but ridership on bus and streetcar routes has remained closer to pre-COVID levels than that of the subway network. Cooper said not only would surface transit improvements be relatively cheap to implement, but they would save the TTC money by allowing the agency to run service more efficiently. That will be important because as TTC is expected to face long-term revenue struggles as a result of COVID-19. Improving surface routes is “one of the most cost-effective ways of building out transit in the city,” Cooper said.Shelagh Pizey-Allen, executive director of transit advocacy group TTCriders, said the city should move faster. She noted that while the TTC board voted in July to target 2021 for the implementation of bus lanes on Steeles, Finch, and Dufferin, the city report has them scheduled for 2023 or later. “Transit priority lanes are supposed to be part of an urgent pandemic response. TTCriders is calling on city council to do everything possible to increase transit capacity and improve rider safety,” she said.TTC spokesperson Stuart Green said the agency supports the city proposal, which builds on the TTC’s own service plans. “Anything that allows us to improve service to our customers is welcome,” he said.Projects like the King pilot have faced opposition because they restrict car movement. Matt Davis, manager of capital projects for the transportation department, said the city will study each corridor to ensure any changes “consider the safe and efficient movement needs of all modes of transportation.”
The family of six had all been infected with the strange new disease.The father, mother and four children were recovering. But the dad had been laid off for weeks. “A terrible hole” had been made in “the resources of this little family.”It was December 1918, and as an article in the Boxing Day edition of the Toronto Daily Star noted, families across the city were “saddened by ravages of war and disease.”The Great War had come to an end only the month before, and a terrible flu had swept the globe, casting a shadow over the Christmas season.But the Star’s Santa Claus Fund was there to provide a bit of joy in a dark December.Just as it will be this year.The article, placed alongside an ad for charcoal to heat homes and a news brief about the need for transparency at the upcoming peace conference, made it clear that “7,000 city kiddies” benefited from the fund.That included the four with the laid-off father: “Once again, old Santa was able to banish dull care and open the door to admit the Christmas spirit.” It also included kids in the west Toronto neighbourhood of Earlscourt, where every widow who had lost a husband received a box, delivered by motorcycle.“Star readers who contributed to the fund that makes it possible for Old Father Christmas to visit many a home which would otherwise be minus the joy that goes with the ringing laughter of happy kiddies, will feel all the better for knowing that Mr. Hard Luck was gently but firmly ousted from his customary abode to make room for Old Santa’s smiling countenance,” the unnamed Star reporter wrote.Volunteers, like the young man who had been “working from 7 a.m. until nearly midnight” for more than six months and still somehow found the time to help deliver the boxes, and, “what is more … provided an automobile for the purpose,” were and are still essential to the operation.by the Toronto Star’s founder, Joseph E. Atkinson, who wanted to recreate the holiday happiness a stranger had brought him at a young age.Like many in 1918, he’d lost a parent. His father was killed in an accident when he was a baby, leaving his mother to support her eight young children.The story goes that one day he was watching children skate on a pond, and a woman approached him and asked why he wasn’t joining in. When he told her about his situation, the woman surprised him with a pair of skates for Christmas. It was a generosity he tried to pass on at the Star, organizing gift boxes with fruit, candy, socks and mitts for children, with money he collected from readers.The contents of the boxes have changed a little — the candy has been swapped for a dental hygiene kit.But the spirit, just like in 1906 and 1918, is still there, enduring through a Great Depression, another world war and now, yet again, a strange illness that has disrupted daily life around the world.More than 100 years later, with the world in the grips of another pandemic that has cast a pall over the holiday season, cancelled events and family dinners, caused layoffs and left a hole at the dinner tables of families where loved ones once sat, the Santa Claus Fund is still here.And this year it’s also an opportunity to give generously to those who’ve been hit particularly hard.In 1918 that was a “little blue-eyed Edna” with a lisp who couldn’t believe how lucky she was to get a gift.A west-end “urchin” who was told Santa Claus was dead so as not to expect anything.And a “poor, curly-haired youngster in a basement,” who proclaimed “ha, ha, ha … Santa has come after all” when his box arrived.In fact, Santa himself had been informed of many cases of the flu and “decided to try and make the little kiddies who had lost relatives through the dreadful disease as happy as he could.”“Thus he brought ‘double portions’ to the sad little home where not long ago a double funeral had been held.”The goal for 2020 is $1.2 million, a sum readers in 1918 probably couldn’t have fathomed.But please, like them, give generously.
To understand why so many Americans stuck with Donald Trump on Nov. 3, voting with fervour despite four years of his personal contempt, economic abuse, chaos, a killer pandemic, thievery and crumbling the nation in his fist like a handful of sand, consider that harmless Florida fish, the mullet. is one of the mainstays of the state fishery, nutritious and delicious for both humans and bigger fish, while keeping the water clean of decaying leaves and algae. It is an excellent citizen, as fish go.So what did people from Florida and Alabama do? They met as usual at a beach bar in Perdido Key, Fla. on the border between the states and got drunk while throwing dead mullet into the air for sport. About 30,000 people attend the . This year, maskless at a superspreader event, they also infected as many people as possible with COVID-19.Their signature drink is the double-shot bushwhacker, which the Washington Post describes as “a milkshake mixed with five kinds of liquor and topped with a maraschino cherry.” The English artist Hogarth  in the 18th century. This is his “Gin Lane” but with fish. What bothers me more is what they do to the mullet beforehand. They fold it in half, or scrunch it up like a baseball, the Post reports, and then hurl it as far as they can, shouting “USA! USA! USA!” We should be grateful the fish died before it became a broken toy for Trump voters. But then I am not horrifically drunk. If I were, I might have fewer concerns about degrading a perfectly harmless creature. Equally, I don’t live in either Baldwin County, Ala., where the 2016 Trump vote was 77.4 per cent, or Escambia County, Fla., where it was 58.3 per cent. , it was 62.3 per cent and 51.2 per cent, so there’s hope — but not much.Escambia is one of the Florida counties that will be hardest hit by climate change, with hurricanes, rising sea levels and severe damage to fisheries. So what do citizens do? They party beside rubble from September’s on a beach that may vanish, tossing valuable fish that will lose their habitat.What do they tell reporters? “Who knew throwing a dead fish could be therapeutic?” “Baby, I’ve wrestled alligators down in Louisiana,” one contestant said. “Ain’t no coronavirus gonna hurt me.” What makes him think that? The alligator is present and used to this nonsense. The virus is invisible and amped for victory.There are local contests in other nations. But the in Gloucestershire, England was cancelled this year because of the virus, as was La Tomatina, Spain’s huge tomato fight in Buñol. This is the American South. The Flora-Bama carried on, overwhelmingly white, massively Trumpy, with adults dressed like children doing nasty-little-boy things. I’m surprised they aren’t blowing up frogs with firecrackers. On Wednesday post-election, an enfeebled Trump had , “We hereby claim the State of Michigan,” as though “hereby” made it legal. A Florida man chucks a mullet and says, “I hereby declare this a Formal Festival” and so it was.When New York Magazine critic Trumpets are thick with “resentment, cynicism, grudges, hurt, [and] a glee in never setting aside childish things,” he’s talking about the Flora-Bama, where men and women celebrate hard liquor, sun damage, sexual crudity and risking viral death, all on the assumption that nothing bad ever happens to white Americans. They still think that. “Once it’s your time to go, God is going to tell you it’s your time to go,” a Flora-Bama beauty contestant said. “Not any kind of COVID-19 virus.” I don’t follow. Isn’t the coronavirus her god’s creation? We’ve read endless features about Americans like this, but reporters are too polite to state the obvious. These people are oblivious. The fish is smarter than they are, and it’s dead.How did this happen? Thank you, states’ rights. Thank you, Secretary of Education . A “just folks” nation that neglects its education system ends up like this, with citizens who could have had a shot at a good, responsible life instead of flinging dead fish at each other and calling it entertainment.
The ballot counting in the United States seemed to go on forever last week but one depressing election result was quickly known., which exempts Uber, Lyft and other gig companies from new state labour laws that require them to treat their workers as employees eligible for benefits.It’s a truly terrible outcome for gig workers in California and, quite possibly, everywhere else as well. This win will embolden Uber, Lyft and the like to push for concessions in other jurisdictions. Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi has already said the company will make it a priority to “across the U.S. and the world.”These companies are brazenly trying to make the future of work into something that creates corporate profits for them by denying workers the basic rights that come with being treated as employees. We need politicians in Canada to step up and be equally bold in advocating for workers and the right to a decent job.Right now, people who work for ride-hailing and food-delivery companies in this country are considered independent contractors, not employees as they should be. That’s largely because of outdated labour laws that never contemplated the possibility of a transportation company like Uber arguing that it’s really a technology company so drivers aren’t core to its business. Court cases and union drives are starting to make positive inroads on the status quo. But it’s long past time that provincial governments took control by updating labour laws to ensure employees are treated as such with benefits, including minimum wage, unemployment insurance and paid sick days.And they need to do it before these companies focus their attention and dollars on permanently enshrining their vision in our laws. They spent an astonishing $200 million U.S. to influence the vote and override the will of California lawmakers.“Prop. 22 represents the future of work in an increasingly technologically driven economy,” a spokesperson for the campaign said.If that were true, it would be a terrible thing. But it isn’t inevitable, particularly in Canada if the public demands better for workers and provincial governments strengthen labour laws.These companies like to hide behind their apps, claiming they’re a new and special kind of business, but we should not be fooled. What they’re doing is exploiting loopholes to save money and that’s an old game. It’s something low-wage workers in areas from cleaning services and nail salons to construction and trucking have long faced.The difference is how public these global ride-hailing and delivery firms have been in arguing that employees are a drain on profits. They’ve brought these employment loopholes, traditionally used in jobs that people don’t think much about, into the open.The coronavirus pandemic has laid waste to our economy and exposed deep inequalities in our communities. It has shown how frayed our social safety net has become and how much is wrong with the labour market.The use of poorly paid, part-time personal support workers and temp agency staff in long-term-care homes, for example, undermined the precautions that could have kept seniors in those homes safer and indeed alive. And on the front lines of essential services, from food production to grocery stores, too many people had no sickness benefits, making it difficult for them to stay home when ill and increasing the risks for everyone.The pandemic has shown how low-paid, precarious work isn’t just bad for the people who hold down those jobs, but for society as a whole. By the same token, the conditions of work in the gig economy matter should matter to us all.It can’t be left up a few companies who have landed on an exploitative business model to decide what the future of work looks like. That’s a government responsibility and governments need to take it seriously — before it’s too late.
Vincenzo (Jimmy) De Maria, a Mississauga senior citizen and convicted underworld killer, has been granted full parole, six months after his deportation to Italy was postponed because of the De Maria, 66, who also operated a bakery/deli and a west-end financial services company, was convicted of shooting a man to death in 1981 over a $2,000 debt.He has been described by police in Canada and Italy as a major organized crime figure.De Maria came to Canada as an infant from his birthplace of Calabria, Italy but never took out citizenship.He was ordered to be deported to Italy in 2018, but thatin April because of his health concerns and the pandemic.“A further hearing was ordered by the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA), and this is currently placed on hold due to the global pandemic,” a newly released Parole Board of Canada decision states.“Should you be ordered deported, you indicated you intend to appeal their decision,” the decision continues.De Maria was identified in a November 2010 Italian police report as one of the top GTA leaders of the ’Ndrangheta, or Calabrian Mafia.The recent parole board report notes that he was convicted of second-degree murder after confronting a man in 1981 in a market and accused him of not paying a debt.“When the victim refused to pay, claiming he has previously paid your brother, you shot the victim seven times, resulting in his death,” the parole report states. “You told the store owner to contact police and you were arrested at the scene …”De Maria’s criminal history also includes convictions in 1976 for possession of a narcotic and carrying a concealed weapon, while he was acquitted of extortion charges in 1981, the parole board decision states.Earlier decisions granting him parole have been overturned because authorities said he associates with local members of the ’Ndrangheta.“You accept full responsibility for your criminal history; however, maintain you have no affiliations with organized crime,” the decision continues.De Maria was granted day parole in November 1989, but that was suspended in 1991 after an assault charge, which was eventually dropped.He was granted full parole in 1992, but that was suspended in 1997, 2009 and 2013 after what the board called “questionable behaviour and associates as well as a breach of your nonassociation condition with indications of active involvement with those involved with Traditional Organized Crime.”The parole report for De Maria also notes his full parole was yanked yet again in June 2014 because of association with “your associates” and what was considered an increased risk of reoffending.The board letter notes that he has a supportive wife and quotes from a November 1988 psychological report that states he does not display any signs of mental illness.“You are addressing health issues which may increase your risk should you contract the Coronavirus, restricting your access to the community while accompanied by one of your bonds persons,” the report states.An earlier parole board decision noted that he was well behaved in prison, where he worked as a cleaner in health care, and that prison files portray him as someone who “runs the institution.”After his second-degree murder conviction, De Maria served time in Millhaven maximum-security prison in Kingston, medium-security Joyceville institution, as well as the Beaver Creek Institution in cottage country north of Toronto and a Keele St. halfway house.When the Joyceville warden fired him as the elected chair of the inmates’ committee, it sparked a weeklong protest by his fellow convicts.
’Tis the season for … ? Cuffing season is a term to describe the relationships people seek out at the start of fall so they have someone to hibernate with through the winter. It’s not a new phenomenon, but it is in overdrive this year because of the pandemic. Relationship experts offer advice on how to find a romantic partner and how to lock them down in time for the winter months and upcoming holiday season so you don’t need to go it alone. While it sounds innocent enough, this advice to “get cuffed” is reckless.It means that many may overlook red flags and lower their standards. With curbside patios in Toronto closing up any day now and the fact that there’s no end in sight to the pandemic, one might be more tempted than ever to hunker down with a boo. But not wanting to be alone does not a healthy relationship make.“Cuffing season stems from our biological need and desire to survive and be close to one another during difficult periods,” says Jake Ernst, psychotherapist and clinical director at  in Toronto. “It has a survival quality to it so it shouldn’t necessarily be viewed as good or bad, per se, and instead should be viewed as fulfilling an unmet need for closeness.” He says that being connected helps us get through hard things. “The colder winter months are known to be difficult times of the year for many and so the urge to connect with someone else might be higher,” Ernst said.There’s nothing wrong with wanting to hang out with someone for four months or so — I mean, that’s the whole premise of summer flings — and if it helps your mental health it’s an understandable want, but it  wrong if you aren’t clear with the other person you’re cuffing on your intentions from the get-go; if you’re leading someone on. It’s also an issue if you’re using the company as a coping mechanism instead of doing the work from within to fulfil yourself and be comfortable on your own.There’s no time like the present to assess where you’re at, what you want in a relationship and to fill whatever void you have from within so eventually you can attract a like-minded partner. If you go into a relationship for the wrong reasons whatever void you’re filling will still linger in the spring.“Use this time to reconnect with yourself,” says  and couples therapist Colette Mrazek. She suggests asking yourself: What is missing in your life? What do you feel passionate about? What excites you? She says it could be researching something that’s always interested you, learning a new skill, instrument or language, or maybe it’s making music or art. “We want to remain conscious of our need for connection, however, and that needs to be a daily priority,” Mrazek said. “For many, that will mean more time on a screen, but if it’s our only way to socialize then it’s definitely worth it.”I spent the first five months of the pandemic at my dad’s house in the suburbs. Sure, I had many a virtual drink and hangs with friends over video chats, but I was on an “Eat, Pray, Love” journey of sorts, minus the travel. Given the gift of time, minus the distraction of a busy social calendar, I was forced to finally face my flaws. I was forced to acknowledge past patterns in my romantic life and I was forced to do the work to address behaviour such as seeking unavailable partners.I spoke with therapists and experts on how I can be the best version of myself and how to approach future relationships. When I started leaving home for physically distanced patio get-togethers with friends, I was able to resist old patterns and I found someone who was on the same page. Gone are the days of hanging out with people who aren’t equals, or playing things cool so as not to rock the boat, or hoping things will change in time.Hibernating with someone just for the sake of it is not only selfish but can be damaging. Feelings develop and perhaps you may get more invested than planned and will end up being worse for wear when cuffing season wraps and the arrangement ends.If a long-term, loving, healthy relationship is ultimately what you want, take the time to assess where you’re at mentally and emotionally and then don’t settle for anything less. If you’re locked down just to kill some time you may miss out on a partner who’s an ideal match for you; someone who possesses qualities you never knew existed or that you weren’t looking for because you’re spending time with a placeholder with an expiry date.If you’re struggling with the idea of getting through the holiday season alone, Ernst suggests finding opportunities to maintain a secure attachment with others. “If you find yourself feeling alone, remember that you can also deepen your relationships with pets, hobbies or yourself as a way of accessing the safety and comfort of a relationship,” Ernst said. He says it doesn’t have to be with another human; find something that brings you joy and comfort. “Also, don’t forget that self-compassion goes a long way. Be kind to yourself and don’t blame yourself for feeling this way,” Ernst said.
It’s about a quarter of a century since Mark called his Grampa back in Canada.The young man, about 20, Canadian flag sewn on his backpack, was on a tour of Europe. He walked that sunny day beside the ocean surf, along a rocky beach beneath a high bluff, then pulled out his cellphone, still something of a novelty at the time.His Grampa answered the call on a landline.Mark told him he was in France.“Ah, Paris,” Grampa said. “The girls still as lovely as I remember them?”“I’m not in Paris,” Mark said. “I’m in Dieppe.”It was a now-legendary Bell Canada commercial, produced as part of its series. As far as TV ads go, it’s likely among the most powerful and beloved in Canadian history.When Mark tells Grampa where he is, the old soldier is overcome with memory.“I’m glad you’re there,” he chokes out.It likely took Grampa little acting, for he was played by the late Toronto lawyer John Campbell, who, at 22, was a tank commander in the 1st Canadian Armoured Personnel Carrier Regiment.Like most vets, Campbell did not rattle on about his service. To many of his generation, it was simply a summons to duty that lay in their time and place.When he did remember, it was usually in self-deprecation. He once described watching the skies darken with aircraft as far as the eye could see over the English Channel on D-Day.“I wasn’t the brightest guy,” he said. “But I knew something was up.”Back on that Dieppe beach all those years ago, almost 50 years after the battle there, the grandson, Mark, told his Grampa that “I guess I’m calling to say thanks.”“It’s great of you to call,” Grampa said. “Thank you.”And there it is, gratitude from a distance, gratitude at depth, the lesson of how we remember and pay homage during times of COVID-19 to those who made the greatest of sacrifices.It is on those of us who enjoyed the fruits of that sacrifice to reach out, to remember, to keep faith.With the traditional large gatherings suspended, it must be simpler this year, but it can also be more direct and just as meaningful — a call, a letter, placing flowers, planting some, a moment’s reflection, donating to a Legion.The annual poppy campaign usually brings in up to $20 million. It’s usually run by volunteers, many of them older and at risk of the coronavirus in the subway stations and shopping malls where they typically set up.But While it’s a loss not to be able to gather in sombre respect, Canadians can follow wreath-laying ceremonies online or on television, can recognize the traditional two minutes of silence at 11 a.m. on Wednesday.It is 75 years since the Second World War ended and fewer of the men and women who fought it, frailer and in their 90s now, are alive to mark each succeeding Remembrance Day.Let us resolve, thinking of them and those who served in campaigns right up to Afghanistan, not to grumble about contemporary burdens and to be grateful – in silence, in song, in prayer — for what the generations who fought the battles of the past provided us.In that, we can remember the words of Canadian soldier-doctor-poet John McCrae, who, in May 1915, looked out from a dugout in a canal bank in Flanders and saw a little cemetery with wild flowers growing among the crosses.“If ye break faith with us who die, we shall not sleep. . .”
There’s nothing better for this columnist to find in my inbox of your emails, than strong debate.It means that many are engaged with the column — some of you reacting to a topic positively, others negatively.I welcome all those opinions. And I invite more of you to join me in this absorbing daily look into what matters to people in their relationships.Letter-writers are always kept anonymous so you’re free to add your own relationship topic, whether of concern, confusion, or contentment.Regarding the woman whose siblings are so envious of her affluence, that she feels like avoiding them (October 17):My husband’s the owner of a successful business, my siblings are not as financially well off as we are. I read some arrogance in the letter-writer’s comments. Her siblings aren’t resentful, but it’s hard for them to watch their sister do things that they financially cannot.My children had luxuries that my nieces and nephews did not, and sometimes comments were made about our charmed life.We treat our families to sporting events, dinners, gifts. I’ve paid for things no one knows about. When and if our parents need help with expenses, we’ll be there for them.Instead of complaining, she should count her many blessings, as do I. My uncle and aunt are very successful and wealthier than the others.When we get together, we’re all the same. They’re never pressured to pay more. All my cousins were treated equally.What’s wrong with the letter-writer calling a spade a spade?The behaviour exhibited by her siblings is unacceptable. Some people are jerks. If these were friends, how long would they remain friends?I think that she should voice her concerns. This is destructive behaviour and not normal. I agree that paying a bit extra for taking care of parents may be something she could offer but it shouldn’t be an expectation.It may even add to the resentment if it comes across as noblesse oblige from a wealthier sibling.But the bigger issue seems to be the sniping. In our judgmental culture people feel it’s OK to give unsolicited advice to parents, usually a veiled criticism.Telling someone they spoil their kids is offensive. Why should this woman want to open her house to relatives who insult and patronize her?Maybe telling her to have a frank discussion with her siblings about manners may be in order.It’s the responsibility of parents to be financially secure so they don’t sponge off their children.“It’s also their duty to give their children the best chance for success. We should all be kind and helpful, of course, but we parents owe our children, not the other way around!”Your response covered all the dynamics.Why wouldn’t this couple pitch in more?! If they have the means and choose not to, it comes across as miserly.Pay more at the restaurant or for the parents’ eventual home care needs! Home care would be a tax writeoff and skip the meals out.Have the family in if the situation allows for it. As you suggest it could be the gathering point. What they would spend as their “share” to eat a meal out would buy groceries for such meals.Share the wealth without resentment or expectations and be grateful for having family.This is coming from me as the successful sibling in my family.Siblings who can rise above any envy over differing incomes and lifestyles, benefit from mutual emotional support.
Infidelity dating site Ashley Madison has seen a steady uptick in users during the COVID-19 pandemic. Surveys by the Toronto-based company show the stress of 2020 — plus the experience of being cooped up with partners — has driven more people to seek connections outside their marriages.Paul Keable, Ashley Madison’s chief strategy officer, said the service saw a 10 per cent dip in March when lockdowns began, but by late April, its user numbers had begun to bounce back, and more. Pre-pandemic, Ashley Madison saw around 15,000 new users a day, but over the past two months it’s held steady at more than 20,000 per day, Keable said.“That’s a pretty significant increase,” he said. Though the United States and Brazil have the most new users per capita, Canada comes in third (Toronto currently has almost 850,000 Ashley Madison users, according to a spokesperson). The GTA has seen a 10 per cent increase in sign-ups since March, with average monthly new users currently around 3,000. The ratio of men to women has remained steady since last year, at around 1.2 active female users per active male users in the GTA. Keable expects these numbers to continue going up as COVID-19 cases rise across North America, people keep working from home, and winter approaches. He said in lockdown, many of the things people once used to distract themselves from the problems in their relationships are now unavoidable.“Absence may make the heart grow fonder, but in isolation, we see that the heart might look afar,” said Keable. “The increased pressures of this whole world we’re seeing is causing issues. And so that’s what’s causing (an) increase in our business.”It’s not just Ashley Madison, either — online dating has seen an uptick overall during the pandemic. Match Group, the company that owns Tinder, Hinge, OkCupid and more, reported a rise in subscribers and revenue in its third-quarter report in early November.Keable said while the pandemic might make people more cautious about in-person relationships, many members are still seeking a physical connection, but being more careful about it. More than 10 per cent of Ashley Madison users are sticking to outdoor dates only, according to one of several member surveys the company has done during the pandemic. These surveys also found that despite being cooped up together, many couples are less intimate this year, not more — which Keable says is a primary driver toward infidelity. Fifty-three per cent of Ashley Madison users said this is the most time they’re ever spent with their partners, said Keable, and yet many members complain their partner isn’t initiating physical contact, and they’re not feeling connected to them, he said.Thirty per cent of users say they feel isolated and lonely, despite being with their partner or family almost 24/7, the surveys found. And 84 per cent of respondents said they see infidelity as a form of self-care during a stressful and unprecedented time, which Keable believes could actually keep more marriages together.Keable doesn’t think this jump in Ashley Madison users points toward a spike in divorces. In fact, only one per cent of Ashley Madison users surveyed said they intend to leave their spouse. “What is interesting is the vast majority of members ... continue to tell us that they’re actually not looking for divorce, they still very much love the partner, their spouse, it’s just they’re unwilling to compromise and live a life outside of the thing that’s missing within their primary relationship.”
I’m holding the death records of Indigenous children who had been in the care of the residential schools. This paper feels old, and it’s cold. It has been sitting in an air-controlled space for 100 years, frozen in history — a time when these children were taken from the only home they ever knew. Taken from their families, their parents, their sense of security. Their whole world was gone.In December 2016, I was hired on a six-month contract as a team representative for Ontario’s Ministry of Government and Consumer Services. I was so excited about this position, but I didn’t know what I was in for.After I started, our manager told us why we were hired, to work on the Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s (TRC) Recommendation 71. This recommendation called upon all chief coroners and provincial vital statistics agencies that had not provided the TRC with their records on the deaths of Indigenous children in care of the residential schools. I was wowed! Our task was finding the death records to locate these missing Indigenous children. I felt honoured and part of history — this was huge! The location was secretive, but the space itself was an air-controlled environment to keep these sensitive documents in their original state. That first day, my eyes watered up as I became overwhelmed with emotion. I knew the important work I was about to do would be intense. Within those walls, there are massive rows of books. These books were huge, thick and more than a century old. You can see the wear and tear on them; they have been sitting on these shelves for years. Our work took us as far back as the early 1900s. Our focus was to find missing Indigenous children up to 18 years of age. Those children have become this old and cold paper. These children sit in this secret location, never seeing the light of day again. They are forgotten. They are still missing. I feel the children wanting my help. They want to go home; they want to feel the warmth of the sun again. They want to play again, and they want the love that was taken away from them so long ago. These papers tell life stories, and I feel the pain and the emotion of each one.The world they had known — the one that loved them, provided for them, gave them good night kisses — is gone. A mother’s touch is lost, a tucking into bed is lost, a father’s teaching is lost. Those simple things we take for granted today. Their whole world gone!I sensed their new world at the residential school was a dark place. They are scared, frightened and lonely. They ask, “where am I?” They cry, and no one cuddles them. They hurt, and no one helps them. They are small and only have each other. They can only love and support each other. Tears again. I am emotional, but only human. I wish I could have helped them. We should have done something — anything! I am angry! As I flip through the pages, I feel the cool, crisp and delicate paper. In my mind, I was touching and connecting with how this person died, when they were born and how long they lived.In the end, we had statistically gone through and discovered more than 30,000 death records within the target range. This doesn’t mean they were all Indigenous children, but they were children. Some of those children didn’t have names. This is now a part of my experience, and I will never forget. The Indigenous children have no voices; they have just turned into statistics. They need to be remembered in all their essence. They deserve to be celebrated. They deserved to be acknowledged. They’ve had enough darkness. Last night, I had a dream. I saw a huge, long memorial wall shining in the sun. I saw the names of the forgotten and missing Indigenous children on this wall. Once again, the children were happy. They were free, and could feel the wind and the warmth of the sun again.I can see them smiling at me. And I am comforted.
For the past generation, Canada’s long-standing traditional auto sector — with Ford, GM, Fiat Chrysler, Honda, and Toyota manufacturing plants in Ontario — has been under siege to maintain its global mandates. Jobs and investment have increasingly gone south, to the U.S. and low-cost Mexico. World-leading parts manufacturers in Canada, such as Magna, Linamar, Martinea, ABC Group and Multimatic, are in the top 100 global suppliers, but face increasing challenges to their international supply chains with rising protectionism in the U.S. and elsewhere. China has also ambitiously set a goal of being the world leader in production of electric cars in the coming decades. Given this context, it’s welcome news that GM is returning to Oshawa and Fiat Chrysler and Ford Motor Co. are renewing their respective plants in Windsor and Oakville, reprogramming them to produce zero emission vehicles (ZEVs). The federal and Ontario governments have rightly decided to co-invest with Ford, providing $295 million each to the Detroit-based automaker. Doing so will help retain Canada’s automotive advantage, maintaining good jobs and preparing Canada to be a leader in ZEVs (the future of the industry). Yet, more needs to be done to secure a strong Canadian auto sector of the future.If Canada wants to win back international vehicle mandates and renew our auto industry, governments will need to invest in the entire automotive ecosystem, including parts suppliers and designers; such industry-government partnerships can strengthen the auto industry and help it survive through COVID-19 and prepare for future success. Government and industry can create Canadian global champions, resilient supply chains, and clusters of expertise in Canada.When considering its investment, government must remember that the big international car companies are only a fraction of the Canadian auto industry. The larger share is in auto suppliers and designers. These dynamic businesses are also where much of the innovation happens. They design and build new automotive systems and solutions for their international customers, and they export it to larger markets around the world. Canada assembles two million cars a year; Mexico and the U.S. produce 15 million combined. The global opportunities for our Canadian champions are enormous. As cars increasingly become computers on wheels, these systems aren’t limited to improved body components and gauges and meters but include many different types of leading software development — from cyber security to automated driving. Car companies are now IT companies. They are also increasingly green technology companies. Forward thinking governments and businesses are transitioning to a carbon neutral economy, and Canada is among the leaders in this regard. The recent Throne Speech promised $2.5 billion to develop a ZEV ecosystem. The Canadian automotive sector can benefit from Canada’s first mover advantage. Many domestic automotive suppliers are poised to become Canadian global champions in ZEVs. Lion Electric in Quebec is already at the centre of the ZEV space with recent contracts for small trucks with Amazon. Another example is Stackpole International. It designs and manufactures highly engineered fluid power solutions and powder metal components, delivering quality solutions that reduce greenhouse gas emissions and provide energy efficiencies for their global automotive customers. They export 95 per cent of their manufactured goods and employ 2,000 Canadians over five facilities in Ontario (Ancaster, Mississauga, Stratford). Lion Electric and Stackpole are resilient global competitors, constantly innovating and trading in international markets. Canada needs more companies like them. The Ontario auto sector is a cluster of innovation and expertise, and it has links to manufacturers in Quebec, Alberta, and other parts of the country. It must be sustained and developed. The sector cannot build future ZEVs without parts designers and suppliers like Stackpole and other manufacturers like Lion. New technologies and the emerging intangibles economy are rewarding superstar firms — making the need to find and create Canadian sectoral leaders all the more pressing. COVID has reminded us all of the need for Canada to promote firms and sectors so that it can be a global leader. By investing in innovative firms, business and governments can ensure a sustainable, resilient economy and society for Canada and Canadians. 
Nick Bello has no fear of missing out on deals or deliveries during the feeding frenzy of this year’s holiday shopping season.The lifelong savvy shopper does his gift-buying all year and, as a devotee of , he’s ready to pounce on price reductions.“I have two young kids and I like to save money, especially during uncertain times,” says the long-time user of Canada’s leading website for in-store and online deals. With the coronavirus continuing to spread and many belts still tightened, holiday season 2020 is unlike any other. Unprecedented numbers of early birds are flocking to their screens, swamping major retailers with a tsunami of online orders.On Amazon Prime Day for members, Oct. 13-14, worldwide sales surpassed $3.5 billion, an increase of almost 60 per cent from last year. At the same time — more than six weeks before Black Friday on Nov. 27 —  launched its Holiday Dash event with “deep discounts and Black Friday-worthy deals.”With e-commerce snowballing,  that a potential “Christmas capacity crunch” could delay deliveries. Boots-on-the-ground bargain hunters are also getting a jump on things. In a survey by Ipsos for Google Canada, 74 per cent of respondents said they’re hitting stores earlier to avoid crowds. “This is not the year to wait,” Michael LeBlanc, a senior adviser at the Retail Council of Canada, urged Canadians a month ago, telling them to “shop early and shop often.”Bello, an IT professional who works from home in downtown Toronto, expects to spend $300 to $400 on gifts ranging from Lego to electronics for friends and family. By setting alerts for price drops and nabbing special offers on RedFlagDeals, the savvy shopper regularly racks up savings, such as $40 on footwear and $70 on an oil-and-filter change that cost him just $8.88.Other strategies include price-matching in-store purchases with online merchandise at certain retailers, and using a credit card with a price protection feature that lets you claim the difference if a purchased item goes on sale later, Bello says.People are looking for deeper discounts this year, according to Nicole McKnight, PR manager for  in Canada. New research by the global comparison site reveals that about a third of Canadians expect half-price or better on their purchases.“Black Friday and online deals take on new significance this year,” McKnight said of the holiday hustle’s unofficial kickoff, which is followed by Cyber Monday on Nov. 30.Finder.com’s poll found that 43 per cent of holiday spenders will drop an average of 30 per cent less — $425 compared to last year’s $608. PwC Canada also reports that consumers are planning a 30-per-cent spending decrease.That reduction makes things “much more competitive” for retailers although they’re still mum on their strategy, McKnight says.Among sale-priced big-ticket items typically on offer are furniture, appliances and TVs, she says, adding the pandemic has sparked more interest in sporting goods and outdoor equipment. Electronics and gadgets, apparel, toys and items for the home are also popular.McKnight encourages customers to support local business, perhaps by putting their savings from big retailers toward purchases at smaller shops.Visits to Finder.com’s shopping pages have “skyrocketed” since February, she says, underlining the importance of being “the early bird (who) gets the worm.” She urges price-watchers to input their email address on  for sale alerts, and to stay up late or get up early to snag offers on key dates.“Do your research, know what you want and be ready to click ‘purchase’ … if you want to score the biggest discounts on the most sought-after items.”At RedFlagDeals, which has seen a 20 per cent uptick in traffic since mid-October, products such as office furniture, exercise equipment, noise-cancelling headphones and gaming systems are going gangbusters.Traditional retailers are likely to see less traffic this year, according to online surveys such as RedFlagDeals.com’s 2020 holiday poll. Almost two-thirds of respondents said they’ll do most of their shopping online, while close to one-third said both online and in-person. The 55-plus age group is making the biggest changes in shopping habits, says Kate Musgrove, director of RedFlagDeals.com, which has 1.2 million registered users. Her own mother-in-law, who loves shopping in stores, is switching to clicking due to COVID-19.Indeed, retailers may see it as irresponsible to offer “doorbuster style deals” that attract crowds, Musgrove says.She echoes other insiders’ view that “it will be harder to be a last-minute shopper this year” — a message that perennially late-shopper Octavia Ramirez heeded by starting weeks ago. But as a personal finance coach, she’s mindful of prudent money management especially during this “tumultuous and unpredictable year.”Ramirez advises gift-buyers to “make your list, check it twice, make your budget, check it three times.” A holiday budget should be based on what can you afford and cash on hand, says the founder and CEO of , a Toronto-based financial coaching service for millennials.“You can’t make the assumption that you’ll pay for it in January,” she says, adding that everyone should have an adequate emergency fund to safeguard against job loss, reduced income and other uncertainties.Ramirez cautions that the proliferation of Afterpay and other plans that let you buy now and pay later may be tempting, especially for luxury and big-ticket items. For example, you can buy a $2,500 Peloton bike for $64 a month, she says.But, “it’s a little bit dangerous … because you have these payments you’re locked into.”Whatever you order online, do it far enough in advance that you avoid extra shipping fees for last-minute delivery, she adds.And for Santa wannabes, she points out “there’s no rule that says you have to buy gifts. Is it really worth buying dumb stuff we don’t need?” Instead, consider donating to charity.
We’ve got the goods for you.From David Suzuki celebrating 60 years of “The Nature of Things” to emotional support Canadians lending their services to our neighbours south of the border, we have compiled some of this week’s best good news stories from thestar.com.Mary Macleod came to Canada from Scotland in 1956 as a newlywed. After surviving breast cancer and the breakup of her marriage, the tenacious middle-aged homemaker opened a bakery in the Yonge-Eglinton neighbourhood in March of 1981. Nearly four decades later, Mary Macleod’s Shortbread has evolved from a tiny neighbourhood shop to an international business based in Etobicoke.When Rethink Breast Cancer pledged to do more to involve Black women in its efforts, one breast cancer survivor proposed creating a resource that would highlight the physical and emotional scars breast cancer can leave on Black bodies. And “Uncovered: A Breast Recognition Project” was born.David Suzuki is preparing to launch the 60th season of CBC Television’s “The Nature of Things” on Nov. 6. The broadcaster and activist said he’s proud of the CBC for sticking with the show, which debuted in 1960, despite pushback from some groups and that he’s proud that it still continues six decades on.Nine generations of Ian and James Sculthorpe’s family have lived on and farmed 650 acres in Port Hope, Ontario. South 50 Farms is a mixture of rocky hills, spring-fed streams, and lush pasture, and the brothers have been gradually reclaiming and rehabilitating the land from the conventional crop farmers.Deep in the drudgery of pandemic endurance, a rare beacon of hope.There against the backdrop of an unusually sunny November sky and the rising condominiums along Lakeshore Blvd., came a shining red-and-white signal that Toronto’s future is yet bright.Canada’s got you, America! Social media users were volunteering to be “emotional support Canadians” for their southern neighbours as the anxiety of the U.S. presidential race dragged on for days after polls closed. Boxes of Kraft Dinner. Erasers. A fistful of loose mints.These are just some of the unorthodox treats that landed in kids’ trick-or-treat bags in Newfoundland and Labrador this Halloween.The battleground states were still counting the votes in the U.S. election long after the polls closed and it seemed like it would be an eternity until someone emerged victorious. Rather than doomscroll, we compiled five things that can take your mind off of, well, everything.The Yaoji Chaogan noodle restaurant beneath Beijing’s 600-year-old Drum Tower knows Joe Biden.Management has hung up photos of the U.S. president-elect from when, as vice-president, he stopped by for a bowl of noodles and dumplings in 2011.“We are very happy that Biden was elected,” manager Yao Yan said Sunday. “We have already met each other, and we can say that we are old friends.”A Canadian soldier buried in a nameless grave in the Netherlands near the end of the Second World War has been identified 75 years later, the Department of National Defence said Monday.
Even though we know saturated fat is bad for us, that hasn’t seemed to slow down our consumption of it.Take palm oil, for instance. We import over twice as much as we did in 2008 in Canada and 20 times as much as in the year 2000.To be fair, not all of that fat goes into food — some of the oil we import is used to make lipstick, shampoo, skin moisturizer, laundry detergent and a number of other products. But plenty of it makes it into our food, since it’s one of those hidden ingredients that’s managed to quietly find its way into dozens of processed foods, from chocolate bars to instant ramen.“Ever since the demise of hydrogenated fats and partially hydrogenated fats, people immediately switched to palm oil as the solution,” said Alejandro Marangoni, professor and Canada Research Chair in Food, Health and Aging at the University of Guelph. “Mandatory labelling of trans fat content in foods became law in Canada and the United States in 2006, and you had to declare the amount of trans fatty acids on your food labels. This was known by food companies before and the transition to palm oil had mostly taken place by then.”Since trans fats (hydrogenated and partially hydrogenated fats) are considered unsafe for human health, the move to palm oil was definitely an upgrade. Trans fat consumption raises low-density lipoproteins (LDL, a.k.a. “bad” cholesterol and simultaneously lowers “good” cholesterol, high-density lipoproteins or HDL). That’s been called a “double whammy” when it comes to heart health. Saturated fat is different, in that it raises both types of cholesterol, which is still not good — it’s just not as bad.So why don’t we just switch to peanut or sesame oil? It’s a texture thing. Unlike nut and seed oils, which have a relatively low melting point, saturated fats stay solid at room temperature, which gives them a significant advantage when it comes to food processing. Palm oil keeps chocolate bars from melting, works as a stabilizer and emulsifier in ice cream, and gives supermarket bread a longer shelf life, to name a few of its many applications.Plus, palm oil is cheap.Fortunately, Marangoni and his colleague, Reed Nicholson, graduate researcher in food science, also at the University of Guelph, started working on the problem a couple of years ago and discovered an easy fix: just add enzymes.Well, that might be a bit of an oversimplification of the researchers’ “enzymatic glycerolysis” process, which uses a natural enzyme, glycerin, and mild heating to transform liquid oils into solid fats without altering the nutritional properties of the oils. Nicholson and Marangoni published the  of their research, “Enzymatic glycerolysis converts vegetable oils into structural fats with the potential to replace palm oil in food products” in the October issue of the journal Nature Food.The title makes it sound complicated, but the process is simple and it’s really just about rearranging molecules, Marangoni said over the phone last week. “We’re not changing the molecular composition of the oil in terms of its fundamental nature, we’re just redistributing the molecules and making ‘partial glycerols,’ similar to the way that we digest fats in our body.“The new monoacylglycerols and diacylglycerols (the partial glycerols) produced by glycerolysis have a higher melting point than the original triaglycerols (the molecules that make up fats and oils) so, just by doing that, we can turn an oil into a fat without changing the overall composition of the oil,” he explained.And, best of all, the new product can actually lower our bad cholesterol (LDL) and raise our good cholesterol (HDL) — sort of a reverse trans fat. Digesting partial glycerols have been shown to lower our total cholesterol.As if that weren’t enough good news for one story, this could also have massive environmental implications — palm oil isn’t just bad for heart health, it’s also terrible for rainforests around the world and the species that call them home.“The best way to make money off a palm oil plantation is to take virgin forest, cut down the trees, sell them, then use that money to establish a palm plantation,” said Marangoni. “But that has led to a huge loss in the tropical forest habitat and the animals that live there. We have so few of these rainforests left and they’re home to so much biodiversity.”Orangutans are losing their homes in Borneo and Sumatra thanks to Indonesian palm oil production and much of Malaysia’s rainforest has been converted to palm plantation over the past decade or two. Palm plantations are also on the rise in Central America, South America (Colombia and Ecuador) as well as west and central Africa. It’s hard to fathom the number of species at risk. Given the crisis, Nicholson and Marangoni decided to play the “altruism card” and give the technology away for free, instead of patenting and licensing it. They’ve already fielded calls from people looking for advice about which oils work best; some do better than others. Marangoni is a fan of rice bran and tiger nut oils, the latter of which, he advises, makes a great shortening. And since producing an enzymatic reaction in oil isn’t capital-intensive and doesn’t require a lot of fancy equipment, tiger nut shortening could be on the market before you know it. Pies will never be the same. Is this the end of palm oil? Marangoni doesn’t think that’s in the cards, unfortunately. It’s still the cheapest oil around and, therefore, important to people experiencing food insecurity around the globe.“We’re not going to necessarily eliminate the palm oil industry,” he said, “But the palm industry, along with the beef industry, is in expansion mode and on the verge of destroying what’s left of tropical rainforests. But maybe we can curb this; I mean, at the rate that we’re going, we’re going to be left with nothing.”And by releasing their discovery into the world with no strings attached, Nicholson and Marangoni have made it possible for fat manufacturers to make the switch, quickly.Even if it’s around the corner, it’s not on the shelf yet. So what can we do while we wait? Look at the labels and skip the palm oil. It’s not doing your heart any good — or the planet.
The value of good investment advice has been amply demonstrated during the market’s stomach-churning ups and downs that we’ve seen during the pandemic.But getting that good investment advice at the right price isn’t easy for smaller investors who might have only $100,000 or $200,000 to invest. Traditionally the main advice option for small investors has been relatively expensive conventional mutual funds purchased through a full-service adviser. They can be well worth it if you need and get the service you pay for, which should generally include a full financial plan.But if that’s not what you’re looking for, conventional mutual funds are pricey and you should consider other options.It turns out that one of your best alternatives to get advice from as a small investor is a little-known niche in the financial world. There you’ll find three respected direct-to-investor mutual fund firms that provide high quality investment advice and far cheaper fees. They can save you a bundle if you don’t need the full breadth of services expected from conventional mutual fund advisers.The firms are: Steadyhand Investment Funds, Leith Wheeler Investment Funds, and PH&N Investment Services. They are well-established and highly respected, but are smaller organizations without large marketing budgets and therefore aren’t household names.While conventional mutual funds will typically cost around two per cent per year in fees for a balanced portfolio of stock and bond funds, these direct-to-investor mutual funds come with excellent investment advice but typically only charge around 1.0 to 1.5 per cent in annual fees for a balanced portfolio. That adds up to a huge fee difference when compounded over many years of investing.While they stop short of providing the full financial plans that are generally expected from conventional full-service mutual fund advisers, the quality of the investment advice they provide is first-rate. Sandi Martin, certified financial planner and partner with Spring Financial Planning, is familiar with two of the three firms, Steadyhand and Leith Wheeler. “What stands out about them is how reasonable their fees are and how well they provide service,” she says. In my view, a similar assessment also applies to PH&N Investment Services.These firms have experienced, well-qualified advisers ready to help you by phone and online, although generally not face-to-face as is common for conventional advisers (in non-COVID-19 times). Getting good advice at a moment of financial crisis is of critical importance, and each of these firms earned a reputation for being there for clients during the market meltdown in February and March. At PH&N, for example, the firm was able to maintain its service standard of answering 90 per cent of calls within 15 seconds, and even initiated proactive outbound calls to check on some its senior clients, says Mark Neill, PH&N Investment Services president.Advisers at each of these firms can help you create a portfolio that matches your objectives, risk tolerance, time horizon and other financial circumstances using their firm’s lineup of mutual funds, similar to what conventional mutual fund advisers generally do. You can also buy their mutual funds through a discount brokerage account, although in that case they don’t come with advice.While these advisers won’t prepare a full financial plan for you, they can refer you to a qualified financial planner who can do it on a fee-for-service basis.If you’re a smaller investor looking for even lower fees while still getting some investment advice, another good option is going with a robo-adviser to manage a portfolio of ETFs. Contrary to the robotic image, robo-advisers come with limited amounts of well-qualified human advice, although they emphasize digital service and automation of routine administrative tasks. You pay even less in fees than direct-to-investor mutual funds — typically about 0.7 per cent to 1.0 per cent a year (including ETF fees)- but you also generally get less human care and attention. “It’s like the economy version,” says Martin. “That’s how they keep their prices low.”While it can also make sense for larger investors to choose direct-to-investor mutual funds, it should be recognized they also have other options beyond the reach of small investors. These include brokers (typically going by the title “investment advisers”) and portfolio managers (also known as “investment counsellors”), although they often have account minimums of $500,000 or more.Now let’s consider the distinctive approach taken by each of the three direct-to-investor mutual fund providers.Steadyhand is probably best known of the three, based on the media presence of its co-founder and chair, Tom Bradley. Bradley writes regular newspaper articles and is frequently quoted in the media (including in my columns). Bradley and his colleagues have created an investment firm that embodies the approach to investing advocated in his commentaries — experienced and savvy in confidently helping you navigate markets, but also careful with risk-taking and even-keeled-essentially a “steady hand” to guide your investments. Bradley has had a distinguished career in the investing world — including a stint as president of PH&N-and he has recruited an experienced team dedicated to building a different kind of investment firm.Unlike normal firms, making lots of money doesn’t seem to be a primary objective. “It doesn’t get us up in the morning,” says David Toyne, Steadyhand’s chief development officer, and a former president at two other major financial firms. “To be perfectly blunt as a senior shareholder of this company, we’re not built for profit. We’re built to educate Canadians to become a little bit better at investing their money. We want to change the (investing) landscape.” Steadyhand offers eight mutual funds. Rather than managing the underlying investment funds directly, Steadyhand instead relies on top-notch sub-advisers with proven track records. Steadyhand is agnostic as to what investment approach each fund takes, although the common denominator is relatively concentrated portfolios distinct from general market indices, which it calls “undexing.”Its flagship is the “Founders Fund,” a balanced fund that draws on other Steadyhand funds. Bradley leads the effort to adjust its asset mix based on market conditions. Toyne says it provides clients with peace-of-mind by leaving the sometimes stressful process of rebalancing to Steadyhand. As he explains to clients: “This is Tom’s full-time job. You don’t have to worry about it because Tom worries about it for you.”Leith Wheeler is a reputable investment management company that is known for its mutual funds sold through multiple channels and for managing money for pension funds and other institutions. Their direct-to-investor mutual fund service is a very small part of their business.Leith Wheeler takes a “value”approach to investing. While value is a highly respected investing style that has performed well over long periods of time, that style has lagged the market in recent years and therefore the performance of Leith Wheeler’s funds has also tended to lag. “It’s been a challenging period,” says Karey Irwin, vice-president. “We do feel at some point markets will turn and value again will perform very well.”Leith Wheeler has an exceptionally well-qualified team of five advisers. Four of them have the highly-respected chartered financial analyst designation. Clients get a designated adviser assigned, but can also get support from the rest of the team if their adviser isn’t available. PH&N Investment Services is a small unit in the huge RBC financial empire. PH&N was a storied independent financial firm founded in 1964. It was acquired by RBC in 2008, but has retained aspects of its independent small firm culture.PH&N offers a lineup of 200 RBC and PH&N mutual funds, with lots of choices among different investing styles and asset classes. PH&N advisers play an important role in navigating this lineup and finding the best PH&N/RBC mutual funds for each situation. This vast selection is particularly useful to investors who want to supplement holdings in core asset classes (typically Canadian investment grade bonds, as well as Canadian, U.S. and international large-cap holdings), with smaller positions in niche asset classes (e.g. high-yield bonds, global bonds, small cap equities, precious metals equities). “That breadth of choice is really a differentiator,” says Neill.Included in the PH&N lineup are passive index mutual funds. If you prefer to take a passive approach to investing, you can construct a balanced passive portfolio using mutual funds that is roughly comparable in fees to what you would pay a robo-adviser to do so using ETFs. 
If your adult kids are moving home right now, cut them a break. Nine times out of 10, they wouldn’t be doing it if they didn’t absolutely have to. Rising housing costs, a pandemic, rampant job insecurity, high debt levels and a lack of savings among millennials are resulting in thousands returning to the nest to regroup.For many reasons, I think short-term intergenerational living can be a beautiful thing. It’s a financial lifesaver for students and new grads who literally are up against one of the worst job markets in history. Aspiring young homeowners can finally save that down payment and capitalize on the low interest rates. Young parents who need to work but can’t afford child care or have health concerns with daycare can rely on grandparents to step into the role of nanny. For the hosts, it’s an opportunity to help out in a hugely meaningful way, and spend more time with your family.But before you refurbish your basement into a live-in suite for your son, daughter-in-law, their two kids, a fish and a cat, consider these financial and relational factors. Are your house guests collecting the Canada Recovery Benefit or Employment Insurance? Are they working full or part-time? Are they unemployed without a lick of savings? The best practice is to set a rent rate that is appropriate for the situation ... and yes, I’m recommending that you don’t let your adult kids off the hook completely. Collecting rent establishes a healthy boundary where you don’t feel like you’re getting taken advantage of and your adult kids still have to exercise good financial judgment through budgeting, a critical life skill. Plus, you’ll naturally have increased utility bills, groceries and more that need to be paid for. If you’ve stepped back from working in order to care for grandkids, you’ll experience reduced income, too.Even if you stash their rent off to the side in a savings account that you give back to them when they eventually leave, it’s still important to collect it.The exception to this recommendation is perhaps if the duration of the stay is for a very short period of time. And, if they legit can’t pay a dime, figure out another way they can support you, such as cleaning the house, maintaining the lawn, walking the dog, cooking, painting, fixing the fence, doing the books if you have a home-based business and so on. Collecting rent will hopefully prevent the situation where your unemployed daughter pulls into the driveway one day with a new, and unnecessary, Volkswagen Jetta that she’s now able to pay for because she’s amassed a pile of savings by living at home, rent-free. How long will your family be with you? Who’s going to clean up after the baby throws his spaghetti on the wall? Will you be sharing one Netflix login and one Amazon Prime membership? When the dishes pile high, who’s loading the dishwasher? Will the grandparents care for the grandkids, and for how many hours a day? Is there an expectation that your kid is applying for jobs during the day? If your adult child works full-time, what’s their end game (saving a down payment or paying off debt)? Is it OK to do a HIIT workout in the living room? Which day are you going to collect rent? Does the internet package need an upgrade now that there are four adults working from home?Clearing the details up front saves money, confusion and resentment down the road. It can be helpful to discuss this all together, and agree to the “house rules.”Maybe this isn’t the first time you’re helping your kids, or it is? Either way, possibly the biggest gift you can give them is powerful financial skills where they learn how to get out — and stay out — of debt, build and stick to a budget, and save for a big-ticket item. If they aren’t sure where to start, sit down and show them how to make a basic budget or help them tally up their assets and liabilities so they see the clear picture of where they stand financially. Talk to them about the power of automatic savings contributions. Hook them up with an informational meeting with your financial adviser.Honestly, straight-up freeloading is very rare. But if it’s happening to you, it’s up to you to stop it. I don’t know how long pandemic economic repercussions will impact your adult kids. Certainly economists are hopeful that by mid-next year there will be more job security, but time will tell. My best advice is this: if your adult kids are moving home, why not embrace this period of time in your life? It can be financially and personally rewarding for everyone.
Canada can see “the light at the end of the tunnel” with promising news about Pfizer’s  vaccine candidate, but we’re not out of the woods just yet,  told reporters Monday morning.Pfizer Inc. has announced promising early results from its  candidate — suggesting it’s as much as 90 per cent effective — and Trudeau reiterated the government’s most promising timeline, saying he hopes to see vaccines landing in Canada early next year.Still, he urged Canadians to continue to social distance and to obey public health guidelines to keep the pandemic under control until then.“To be very clear, if you catch COVID in the coming days and weeks, a vaccine won’t help you or your family,” he said.“We see the light at the end of the tunnel. We are hopeful we are getting there, but we need to do our part; we need to stay strong and hang in there a few more months.”Pfizer sent shock waves around the world Monday by saying early human testing results show its vaccine is as much as 90 per cent effective for COVID-19.Canada already has an agreement with Pfizer, which has been working with German company BioNTech, to buy 20 million doses of the vaccine candidate.Monday’s announcement doesn’t mean a vaccine is imminent. The interim analysis, from an independent data monitoring board, looked at 94 infections recorded so far in a study that has enrolled nearly 44,000 people in the U.S. and five other countries.Pfizer did not provide any more details about those cases, and cautioned the initial protection rate might change by the time the study ends. Even revealing such early data is highly unusual.“We’re in a position, potentially, to be able to offer some hope,” Dr. Bill Gruber, Pfizer’s senior vice-president of clinical development, said. “We’re very encouraged.”
What do Ottawa, Chicago, Paris, Calgary and Seoul have in common?Electric scooters. While cities like Toronto strive to meet their residents’ transportation needs, they often default to prioritizing cars as the preferred mode. Maintaining the status quo might be easy, but it comes at the expense of more than one-quarter of city residents that . Unfortunately, it’s not a given that Toronto will join the long list of international destinations that welcome e-scooters. City leaders have yet to authorize a shared service, leading many residents to purchase personal e-scooters before they’ve been permitted locally.You’ve probably seen them on your daily commute. With no overarching safety program and speeds that can exceed 50 km/h, personally-owned e-scooters put residents at risk.We want to change that. At Lime and Bird Canada, we’ve successfully introduced e-scooters to hundreds of cities, including Ottawa, Edmonton and Calgary. As part of a public scooter program, we prioritize equitable access, speed controls, educational programs and targeted safety measures.As Toronto sets its sights on achieving the goals of Vision Zero, it should seize the opportunity to prioritize car alternatives and work with reputable partners to strengthen safety and accountability. Toronto can introduce the same programs peer cities have safely managed for years, and it can improve upon them.Part of this process is speaking directly with residents to understand what they want. This month, we’re hosting the Toronto E-scooter Accessibility Roundtable to understand how we can create safer programs. We know one focus is keeping Toronto’s sidewalks clear. While , we’ve proposed the City adopt lock-to technology, mandating that all e-scooters be locked to municipally-permitted infrastructure like bike racks. During COVID, cities across the world have embraced the e-scooter as an essential, open-air, physically distanced option that has safely operated throughout the pandemic — just like Bike Share Toronto. A survey of Lime riders in Chicago found 97 per cent visited a local business by e-scooter, with a supermajority noting they visited neighbourhood establishments more often with e-scooters present.From commuting to work to the last kilometre after transit, e-scooters have become a vital link in local transportation. Close to 200 cities around the world have welcomed e-scooters, offering residents a sustainable, car-free way to get around. Consistently in each community, industry partners collaborate with city councillors, business owners, community groups and residents to ensure the programs will succeed locally.Toronto is no exception, and we’ve already begun these conversations. Better yet, we will bring the combined learning and experience of launching in hundreds of peer cities around the world. Like you, we want safe and responsible e-scooters, and we know our collaborative approach works. In Calgary, residents ride e-scooters more than any other city in the world. Residents and city leaders have welcomed e-scooters and reimagined their local transportation. E-scooters are ready for Toronto. It’s time for City Hall to welcome them.
Takedown NOTICE Please DO NOT USE story slugged LJI-NL-black-tickle-fire-pump headlined Fire pump donation gives Black Tickle firefighting capabilities. This story has been killed by its news editor. Regards, Local Journalism Initiative AVIS d’annulation Prière de NE PAS PUBLIER l’article identifié LJI-NL-black-tickle-fire-pump et intitulé Fire pump donation gives Black Tickle firefighting capabilities. Cet article a été annulé par le rédacteur en chef de la publication. Merci de votre collaboration, Initiative de journalisme local
Toronto police are investigating after a man was seriously injured in a shooting near Trinity Bellwoods Park.At 5:35 p.m. Sunday, police tweeted its officers were responding to a call for a shooting at , near Strachan Avenue.Police had reports of multiple gunshots heard from a group of people shooting at each other.When officers arrived on scene, they located a man suffering a gunshot wound. He was taken to hospital in serious condition.Police described the shooter as a Black man, about five foot eight with a slim build. He had a black bandana covering his face, was wearing a black vest and was seen carrying a black handgun.An investigation is ongoing.Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 416-808-2222, or Crime Stoppers anonymously 416-222-8477 or online at 222tips.com.
, an Irregular from southwestern Ontario asked me about my old friend Dennis Fairall, the legendary University of Windsor track coach who died at the end of last week. as I mentioned, and his loss will be mourned by many, but the greater issue in the question was about coaches, and their connections to sports and to people and what they can mean to their communities.Well, it’s hard to understate how important they are, in every aspect, and I suspect you all know of one where you live.A good coach — and I’m talking about the locals who dedicate so much of their time to the development of athletes and people — are able to inspire and lead and teach in equal parts.They give young athletes something to strive for, not only in pursuit of athletic excellence but all the other important things the sports teach us.They take the time to show the need for dedication and perseverance, to teach the ability to learn from losses and also from wins. They teach teamwork and incremental growth and how things always take time. There is no quick-fix answer.In small-city Canada they are perhaps more associated with what some might consider fringe or non-traditional sports. With Dennis it was track, with others it’s sports like, say, curling or wrestling or swimming or badminton or tennis or skating.They spend so much of their time, and so much of their own money, showing young athletes that they can excel at something that others might treat with the same respect or reverence.Sure, there are many wonderful coaches in the sports we pay the most attention to —hockey and basketball come quickly to mind — but it is the men and women who find a niche, inspire athletes to pursue greatness, or simply self-fulfillment who we need to appreciate.What I knew of Dennis back in our days working closely together in Tillsonburg was this: track and field was not mainstream by any stretch of the imagination 40 or so years ago.But because of his hard work, his dedication of time, his ability to inspire young men and women to branch out athletically, he helped spawn a generation of youngsters who were able to experience life in such an important way. They travelled, they won some and lost some and learned how to deal with each. They pushed themselves to the outer limits of their skill and they did it because they had a coach, a leader, who gave of his time and energy to make sure that happened.I am sure many of you know someone like that in your life or your kids’ lives or the cities, towns and villages you live in.The next time you see them, thank them.I understand entirely that there are coaches who coach mainly for themselves, for their own accomplishments and resumes and with one eye on their next gig with the bigger team in the bigger city, a step up the ladder.But the ones who truly, truly care about their athletes, in whatever sport at whatever level, and honestly work to make others better, are a treasure.They may not coach Olympians or kids who go on to be famous and rich professional athletes, but they provide a foundation that creates good people and there’s not much more important than that.My old pal Dennis was a treasure. I’m sad I didn’t catch up with him late in his life to tell him that in person.Don’t have my regrets in your life.—Speaking of mail, we’re going to stick with the three-days-a-week schedule here for now — there doesn’t seem to be enough going on to do every morning and I kind of like the days where I don’t get up and immediately start typing.So I’ll keep mentioning the need for weekend mail every time and how all you have to do is click on  to get into the game.—Everyone — I mean, everyone — watched "Jeopardy!" and played along and got smarter because of the show, and learned some trivial fact that would stick with them and that they would eventually pull out in some conversation.And it truly is a sad day now that Alex Trebek has lost his fight with cancer, which claimed his life yesterday.He was a Canadian icon, a TV icon, and his loss is profound.Now … to "Jeopardy!"I’ve tried to think what the second-best game/quiz show ever was and it’s such a distance between "Jeopardy!" and the rest that it’s hard to see second place.But — and you know I am of a certain vintage — how about we go with this:"Jeopardy!""Password""Concentration""Win Ben Stein’s Money""Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?"And of that list I am only talking about the originals, not the kitschy remakes I’m seeing advertised these days.I know there’s nothing new anymore and networks have to find relatively cheap shows to produce for prime-time fare some nights but remaking game shows is, I dunno, unseemly or something.—Tough loss for the mighty TFCs yesterday that cost them the Supporters’ Shield but, and I know this sounds cliché — to overcome what they overcame in this nutty injury-filled, pandemic-ravaged MLS season really is an accomplishment of which they can be proud. which was good to see, and she did have one note that I’m very much interested in following.She writes that the Reds are headed home for a bit from their Connecticut home because they have a couple of weeks before their first playoff game.But she also points out they hope to find some way around the COVID-19 protocols that are in place in order to do some training here in Ontario.I think that makes entire sense if there are testing plans in place and quasi-isolations rules in place that make it as safe as possible. And I have no doubt those plans can be established to the satisfaction of everyone.And if they are — and I don’t know precisely what they have in mind — it should open the door to a lot of other things, like a certain basketball team being able to do sort of the same thing.
Recently divorced, 27-year-old Sammi is now stuck with thousands in debt. How much exactly? A $24,500 line of credit with six per cent interest.During the difficult transition, she saved where she could, which included heading back home. “After my divorce, I moved back in with my parents, so my bills are now much lower,” she said.Making $67,500 a year as a pricing analyst, Sammi hopes that she can get back on her feet. “Paying off debt is priority,” she said, adding she also wants to live independently again. “I am trying hard to save as much as possible to either begin renting again or possibly save up for a house. However, with my debt, I don’t think that is possible.”On a typical work day (from home), Sammi typically eats a free home-cooked meal, which has been good for her savings. On the weekend, she’ll meet up with friends for takeout to get more variety and stay busy during the pandemic.One thing she’s thankful for? Having set up a Tax-Free Savings Account and a Registered Retirement Savings Plan account early on. “My work matches RRSP contributions and I currently have $3,500 in RRSPs as well as $1,000 in a TFSA account,” she said. What are the next steps Sammi must take to pay off her debt, and save enough to move out?We asked her to record her daily savings to get an idea of her finances., managing director at Objective Financial Partners Inc., on Sammy’s situation: She spent less. Spending in week 1: $448.03 Spending in week 2: $252.99With a lot of takeout buys, Sammi says she did “OK” for the week.“I spent more than usual on eating out as I had a day off work and spent time at my friend’s place,” she said. To make up for it, she has goals to spend a bit less on food for the next few weeks, but also understands that it’s a balance as COVID-19 continues to drag on into the winter. Getting a divorce, accumulating debt and moving back home have been a huge lifestyle change. Sammi adds that sometimes it may feel like she’s going backwards but she knows that she’s making changes that will help her in the long term. “That means I will stay as long as I can, and will learn to handle living with my parents,” she said.Her first priority is to pay off her debt. How will she start? Sammi’s immediate plan of action is to put $2,000 a month toward the debt until she can move out again. “His advice showed me that it’s more important to get rid of my debt than to put money in savings right now,” noting the calculations Heath made on how long it could take her to pay off the amount.
A former Woodbridge Mafia chief nicknamed the “boss of two worlds” in the Italian media has lost a legal battle that means he’ll have to continue serving an 18-year-prison sentence in Italy.This month’s Italian high court decision means Alfonso Caruana, 74, faces a possible 17 more years behind bars after a conviction last year that he helped run a multi-billion dollar cocaine trafficking and money-laundering empire between Italy and North America.Caruana’s legal woes began in 1998 in Woodbridge when he was arrested in an early morning raid at his home on Goldpark Court as part of a series of co-ordinated police operations in the GTA, Montreal, the United States and Mexico.As Caruana appeared in Old City Hall Court immediately after his arrest, police from four countries held a Toronto news conference to call him leader of a low-profile, massively wide-reaching organized crime empire.“If organized crime was the game of hockey, Mr. Caruana would be Wayne Gretzky,” RCMP Inspector Ben Soave, head of the Combined Forces Special Enforcement Unit, said at the time.For his part, Caruana described himself in Canadian court as a $400-a-week GTA carwash worker who was recovering from a bankruptcy, although Woodbridge neighbours said he drove newer Cadillac and Mercedes automobiles.While living in the GTA, Caruana had no record of violence as he frequented coffee shops along Highway 7 and Steeles Avenue, in Toronto’s Spadina Village neighourhood, and a nightclub on Dufferin Street south of Steeles Avenue.After serving eight years in Canadian prison, Caruana was extradited to Italy in 2008 to serve out his term. He also faced a separate Italian prison term, after being sentenced in absentia there.Earlier this month, the Italian Supreme Court dismissed an appeal filed by his lawyers after he was sentenced in 2019 by the Turin Court of Appeal.Caruana had been convicted after a lengthy Italian police investigation called “Carthage,” which was launched after the seizure near the city Turin, Italy of a five-ton truckload of cocaine. The Canadian side of the investigation into his activities was code-named “Omerta,” the Italian word for conspiracy of silence, which is appropriate for the proud and tight-lipped man.Caruana refused to duck his head when driven into custody by police from his Woodbridge home.The organization is “in a and much bigger league, say, than the Gambinos,” Soave said immediately after the Woodbridge arrest, referring to the top New York City crime family once run by mobster John Gotti.In 1997, Caruana found himself in a Montreal courtroom trying to fend off Revenue Canada’s demand for $29.8 million in unpaid taxes and penalties.At the time, Superior Court Justice Derek Guthrie said he didn’t believe Caruana’s explanation of what happened to $21 million that went through his bank account in 1981 — one of several years Caruana didn’t file an income tax return.“I don’t believe a word he said,” Guthrie said after Caruana testified he “had almost no memory of extraordinary large sums of money and what he did with it.”During the court hearing, Revenue Canada lawyer Chantal Comtois asked if he was the Mafia’s godfather.“If only it were true,” Caruana replied.“Is it true that you owned 160 square kilometres of land in Venezuela near the Colombian border?” the lawyer continued.“Everything is false,” the Woodbridge man replied.Caruana arrived in the GTA in the mid-1960s, when he was a teenager.He came here on a winding route, from the dusty Sicilian village of Siculiana to Montreal, South America and Britain.After getting into tax troubles in Canada in the mid-1980s, Caruana moved to Venezuela, where he said he worked as a pig farmer.During his income tax hearing in Montreal, Caruana was hard-pressed to explain who brought him the money, or what it was doing in Switzerland.“You went back and forth — Venezuela, Montreal, Switzerland?” Guthrie asked.“No, I had it brought to me,” Caruana replied.“By whom?” the judge asked.“By travellers,” Caruana replied.
With levels of COVID-19 at their highest level of the pandemic, Ontario’s chief medical officer blamed coronavirus “fatigue” and said the precautions people take are a bigger factor than public health restrictions on businesses.“It’s much more important what you do personally with your protection around yourself, your family and your household,” Dr. David Williams said Monday as the seven-day average of new infections hit a record 1,106, up 20 per cent from a week ago.The increase was fuelled by an all-time high of 1,328 new cases on Sunday and another 1,242 on Monday despite a month-long ban on indoor dining and closures of gyms and theatres in the hot spots of Toronto and Peel.It came as epidemiologists and doctors working outside the government continue to and allows local public health units to add any measures they wish — as Peel has done by banning wedding receptions until the new year.“Numbers are going up around the world,” Ford said. “I think it would be a worse disaster if we just shut everything down.”The Ministry of Health reported 12 more COVID-19 deaths Monday, bringing the total to 84 over the last seven days. That’s up 62 per cent from the previous week. Williams said the virus could, in theory, be tamed to levels not seen since August in just four weeks if people simply reduced social interactions and were more careful about wearing masks, physical distancing and hand washing.“It’s within our grasp,” he told reporters, promising a briefing on the latest computer modelling of the pandemic’s path on Thursday. The last such briefing until the end of November, a maximum that has been exceeded twice in the last two days. Dr. Irfan Dhalla, an internist and vice-president at St. Michael’s Hospital, said getting cases down dramatically in a short period is unlikely, given it took three months from the first peak of COVID-19 in April to get cases below 100 daily in August.“It’s important we set realistic goals if we want people to ‘buy in,’” he cautioned.After the Star’s Ed Tubb a compilation of data from Ontario’s 34 public health units at 5 p.m. Monday showing 1,540 new confirmed and probable cases of COVID-19 in the previous 24 hours, Dhalla said on Twitter: “I never thought we would lose control this badly.”Green Leader Mike Schreiner echoed fears of several epidemiologists who have warned cases could get out of hand quickly and called for more public health measures. “If the virus runs rampant through our communities, the only option left will be a longer, stricter more devastating shutdown for everyone,” Schreiner said, accusing the Ford government of taking action “only in hindsight.”There were 483 new cases in Toronto, 279 in Peel, 107 in York Region, 74 in Ottawa and 57 in Hamilton reported Monday. Toronto officials suggested new restrictive measures for the city will be announced Tuesday with Mayor John Tory noting grimly that “the numbers are not heading in the right direction.” In response to the rapid growth of cases in Peel, Ontario is opening new  testing sites in the hot zone of Brampton, allowing walk-ins at assessment centres there for people who can’t get appointments and readying more hospital beds.In the William Osler Health System, Brampton Civic Hospital will get 41 new beds with another 46 at Etobicoke General, while Trillium Health Partners is getting up to 141 new beds, including 99 at Mississauga Hospital, 36 at its Queensway location near Sherway Gardens and six beds at Credit Valley Hospital.“It’s time to buckle down, folks. This is serious. When our hospitals are compromised and we’re at 100 per cent capacity ... it’s time to really do what is needed,” said Mississauga Mayor Bonnie Crombie, adding Trillium has “beds in the aisles.”
Torontonians who get the COVID-19 vaccine first when it arrives should be health-care workers, people with health conditions that put them at extra risk, and residents of disadvantaged neighbours hit hardest by the virus.That’s what Dr. Eileen de Villa, Toronto’s public health chief, says the board overseeing her agency should recommend to the provincial and federal governments. Her  landed Monday as health experts around the world expressed cautious optimism at early results showing Pfizer’s coronavirus vaccine at preventing COVID-19.“We’re in a position potentially to be able to offer some hope,” to a world community that lost 1.2 million lives — and counting — to COVID-19, Pfizer’s Dr. Bill Gruber told The Associated Press. “We’re very encouraged.”Local health officials welcomed the news but noted the city can’t wait for a vaccine. Toronto is closing indoor dining and gyms, as infections spiked Monday to an all-time daily high of 504 new cases.Pfizer has estimated 50 million doses of its two-shot vaccine — covering 25 million people — could be available globally by the end of 2020. Experts say that, even if the several vaccines under development don’t hit snags, it’s unlikely any mass international immunization will start before late 2021.When a vaccine is available, the tricky question will be who gets protected first.De Villa says for Toronto it’s populations hit most by “the burden of disease and transmission at the time of the vaccines’ availability.“This prioritization would include: 1) patient care staff to ensure that the health system remains available to the needs of the general population; 2) those at highest risk of more serious complications of COVID-19 once infected; and 3) early distribution based on the geographic burden of disease, including disadvantaged populations.”Toronto Public Health data has shown the deadly virus has disproportionately hit Toronto’s lowest-income and most racialized neighbourhoods, , including Rexdale and Mount Olive-Silverstone-Jamestown.De Villa’s position appears to align with that of experts who  the vaccine priorities need to explicitly acknowledge inequities exposed by the virus and groups who have borne its heaviest burden.Toronto has formed an immunization task force that will “deliver the largest mass immunization campaign ever undertaken at one time in Toronto,” de Villa says.City departments and Toronto Public Health together “bring a great deal of experience and knowledge to this undertaking,” including experiences from the 2009 H1N1 pandemic and annual flu vaccination clinics, the report says, adding: “The lessons learned from these experiences are being applied to the COVID-19 immunization plan.”But while the city will likely be responsible for administering the actual jabs, the federal and provincial governments have crucial roles before that can happen.The Public Health Agency of Canada is responsible for procurement and approval. The Ontario government is responsible for overall immunization strategy, determining specific population prioritization and distribution of the vaccine to public health units, doctors and pharmacies.“Once this guidance from the province is received, the city will be prepared to lead local implementation,” the report states, with tasks ranging from allocating and distributing vaccine doses, working with health professionals, administering vaccines through clinics and giving the province data on rollout effectiveness.
Getting a movie made in the before-time had its challenges. But in COVID-19 time, it’s is a game changer.Join us for a live virtual panel event with actress and producer Malin Akerman, director Paul Leyden, and associate producer, Kevin Armstrong, as they discuss how they came together to get the new action/comedy feature ‘Chick Fight’ — about an all-female fight club — made during these unprecedented times. The film debuts Friday, Nov. 13, and also stars Alec Baldwin and Bella Thorne.Tune in here on Thursday, Nov. 12, at 1 p.m. EST to watch this talented group chat with Toronto Star Culture Journalist Karon Liu, and answer questions from you, our readers.Email your questions to . 
Senior city staff are recommending water and garbage rates increase less than expected in 2021 to respond to financial hardships created by .Instead of three and 2.7 per cent increases  for water and garbage, staff have recommended cutting that increase for each to 1.5 per cent for next year — a plan that would cost the city $22.4 million in forgone revenues in 2021.To offset that hit to revenues in what are called the city’s “rate-supported” budgets — largely paid for through fees from residential and commercial users — staff have also suggested cuts through strategies like a slow-down in hiring, not filling vacant positions and cancelling performance and merit pay for non-union members.With water fees, the average household — which will consume 230 cubic metres of water in 2020 with a yearly bill of $937 — would see an increase of $14 in 2021 for a total bill of $951, staff said.Toronto Water’s total operating budget is recommended at $1.4 billion and solid waste is at $362 million.In the case of both the water and garbage budgets, staff plan to increase rates by three per cent again starting in 2022.Staff also reported that COVID-19 has seen revenues for the Toronto Parking Authority — which is responsible for Green P parking lots — dip to 93 per cent below budget with those losses expected to continue in 2021.COVID-19 has wreaked havoc on the city’s finances heading into budget debates for 2021.Next year, city staff estimate that they will see a budget gap of $1.8 billion without help from other levels of government, which has not yet been confirmed.Municipal governments are required by provincial law to balance their budgets and cannot operate a deficit like the provincial and federal governments.The rate-supported budgets will be approved by council at a meeting Dec. 16.
A Mississauga man has drowned in Haliburton County, according to Ontario Provincial Police’s Haliburton Highlands Detachment.Shortly before 5 p.m. Saturday, emergency crews responded to reports of a drowning on Kashagawigamog Lake in the Township of Minden Hills.Police said the victim, 23-year-old Mohamed Amar Mukthar, failed to resurface from the water while swimming. His body was located by the OPP underwater search and recover unit. 
York Region police have arrested a Brampton resident accused of fleeing the that left a pedestrian with fatal injuries.A 52-year-old Toronto man was pronounced dead at the scene after he was struck by the driver of a transport truck atshortly after 4 p.m. Friday.Investigators were able to identify the truck and it was located in Vaughan and seized. The driver of the truck turned himself in to police on Saturday.Sucha Singh, 55, is charged with failing to stop causing death.Investigators continue to appeal for witnesses who have not yet spoken with police to come forward.
As a scholar of women’s political participation, I listened carefully in 2016 to all the arguments why Hillary Rodham Clinton’s run for the White House was as close as humanly possible to a slam-dunk sure bet. Some pundits said that segments of the U.S. population were more open than ever to seeing women in top leadership positions. The presidential prospects facing a well-educated white woman would vastly benefit from the strong two-term record of a well-educated African-American man, Barack Obama, they added. Given my childhood in rural New England, I remained suspicious and doubtful. On a trip to that area in July of 2016, I drove by massive banners declaring “Make America Great Again.” They adorned the sides of secondary highways, where rickety wood-frame houses were bracketed on one or both sides by rusted-out automobile hulks.  local base was already revved up.Lots of Democrats I met were also ready and willing to undercut their party’s nominee. Hillary Clinton was too ambitious, they said. Too loyal to a philandering husband. Too old. Not sufficiently progressive. Too embedded in her affluent Westchester County suburb. And on it went.Pandemic restrictions in the summer of 2020 closed the Canada-U.S. border, eliminating the opportunity for a repeat road trip. So over the past few months, I’ve been in contact with family and friends by telephone, email and zoom. My network is not a representative cross-section of the US population: all voted for  in the presidential race; many are Jewish; all are white, born in the U.S. and holding at least one university degree. Yet their reflections shed light on many anxieties facing progressive citizens in a deeply divided America.Prior to , the main subject of our conversations was the everyday face of political polarization. A friend from middle school works as a nurse in southern Vermont. She found it unimaginably stressful to interact with colleagues, patients and family members who were Trump supporters — people who filled her ears with rants against Obamacare while she spent 12-hour days trying to save lives in an understaffed regional hospital. A cousin in Western Massachusetts frequently came across groups of enthusiastic Trump supporters waving enormous American flags at the roadside, reminding their neighbours that one of the most Democratic states in the union is far from monolithic. A cousin living in suburban Tennessee talked about feeling besieged in one of that state’s few Democratic precincts, surrounded by counties full of angry Republicans. Cousins in Florida were relieved that their synagogue and other Jewish community buildings had just installed vast new security protections.The uncertain presidential vote outcome only amplified these feelings of being on edge. A retired schoolteacher living in Connecticut described the close results as horrifying and said she felt terrified as the ballot count continued. These worries hardly disappeared when media organizations declared a Biden win. As my contacts point out, Trump supporters remain heavily armed and deeply hostile to the president-elect. Moreover, impressions of the vice-president-elect, Senator Kamala Harris, are often intensely more negative among the Trump base because she is a pioneering racialized woman who proudly declares her support for women’s rights.Much like four years ago, pundits will soon be free to debate whether Joe Biden was the right presidential nominee and what mistakes Democrats committed in their efforts to halt the Republican locomotive. But the real issue, both then and now, is Americans’ sustained appetite for Trump rhetoric and its appeals to low taxes, a nostalgic past that likely never existed, and simplistic declarations about race and immigration that smack of demagoguery.We in Canada ignore the magnetic draw of those siren calls at our own peril.
Milwaukee Bucks guard Sterling Brown and the Milwaukee city attorney have agreed to a revised $750,000 settlement of a lawsuit Brown filed after getting taken to the ground, shocked with a Taser and arrested during an encounter with police in 2018.City Attorney Tearman Spencer is recommending the payment plus an admission that Brown’s constitutional rights were violated during the arrest that began with a parking violation outside a Walgreen’s store. Brown’s attorney signed the agreement on his behalf Friday.Spencer’s recommendation came in a letter he sent to Milwaukee Common Council members. The settlement is subject to approval by the city; it wasn’t immediately clear when the council would take it up.The Bucks said in a statement Monday that “we are pleased that Sterling’s lawsuit has been mutually resolved and that there’s been an important commitment by the City of Milwaukee and its Police Department to make changes to the MPD’s standard operating procedures.”Brown rejected the Milwaukee City Council’s original offer of $400,000 made in 2019. Brown’s attorney, Mark Thomsen, said at the time that any settlement without an admission of a civil rights violation would go nowhere. Thomsen said the admission was necessary for the city to heal.Brown contends in his lawsuit that police used excessive force and targeted him because he is Black when they confronted him for parking illegally in a handicapped-accessible spot in January 2018. He was talking with officers while waiting for his citation when the situation escalated. Officers took him down and used a stun gun because he didn’t immediately remove his hands from his pockets, as ordered.The latest offer also includes unspecified changes to the police department’s policies, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported.In a letter dated Nov. 4, Spencer recommended the new settlement proposal to the Common Council’s Committee on Judiciary and Legislation “because of the unpredictability of a trial, and the city’s risk for exposure to compensatory and punitive damages, as well as additional attorney fees and costs.”
OTTAWA–The Liberal government is renewing Ottawa’s decade-long push to expand high-speed internet to rural and remote communities, committing an additional $750 million over the next seven years to expand broadband infrastructure.On Monday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his government will now commit $1.75 billion over seven years to expand high-speed internet in rural Canada. The Liberals had already committed to $1 billion in funding in their 2019 budget.There is a significant gap in internet speeds between urban and rural Canada, which has persisted for years despite federal efforts to close it.In 2017, 97 per cent of urban households in Canada had  — downloads of 50 Mbps and uploads of 10 Mbps — seen as necessary to take advantage of the modern internet. Only 37 per cent of rural households had access to those speeds.Recent data from the Canadian internet Registration Authority (CIRA), a not-for-profit organization, suggest the digital divide is .“In April, rural download speeds were nearly 12 times slower than those enjoyed by urban Canadians,” CIRA wrote in a recent report.Beyond frustration when downloading files, that means significant portions of the internet are simply not available to some communities.Trudeau called high-speed internet “an essential service,” in particular as more Canadians work from home and operate businesses remotely.“This puts on track to get 98 per cent of Canadians connected to high-speed internet in the next few years, and everyone connected a few years after that,” he said.“These are ambitious targets, and we’re ready to meet them.”The federal government has not been able to meet similar targets in the past. Expanding broadband was a priority for Stephen Harper as far back as the 2008 election, and the Conservatives introduced multiple iterations of that promise up until their defeat in 2015.The Liberals, likewise, have repeatedly pledged to expand access and are now describing high-speed internet as an essential service — but the urban and rural divide persists.“It’s definitely taken far too long, and it’s really unclear what the delays have been,” said Laura Tribe, the executive director of advocacy group Open Media. Tribe noted the program Trudeau spoke about Monday was announced a year and a half ago.“I think the timing is frustrating, particularly given that of all the things that needed rapid deployment during the pandemic, this is one of them,” she said.Tribe described federal efforts to expand broadband as “fragmented” and said they would benefit from clear timelines to hook up communities and a central recording of progress to date. Briefing reporters on Monday, a government official said that they are looking at how best to report their progress.The opposition Conservatives, who included a pledge to expand high-speed internet to rural communities in their 2019 election platform, accused the government of dragging its feet.“While the Trudeau Liberals have repeatedly promised to improve internet connectivity, they have failed miserably to deliver,” Conservative MP John Nater said in a written statement.“(This program) was first announced in budget 2019 and re-announced in June 2020, when Minister (Maryam) Monsef promised applications would open ‘in the coming days.’ Five months later, still nothing.”
As the number of new  cases in Toronto reaches unprecedented levels, the city is preparing to announce its preferred approach to reopening, originally set for Saturday., the city’s medical officer of health, said Monday that as the pandemic drags on she fears residents will start to see alarming case counts — 504 new cases reported Monday — as normal, but she urged people to remain vigilant as she and other city officials promised to detail next steps on Tuesday.De Villa said there had been almost 1,350 cases over the last three days, what she called “the most concerning I’ve seen here in Toronto since the pandemic started.”“Five hundred confirmed cases in one day is not a number that can be ignored or rationalized. We’re in a high-risk situation. It is not time to panic, but it is time to act.”But de Villa would not say Monday whether she would recommend indoor dining or gym classes be allowed, or impose further measures on those and other activities as has been done in Peel Region. But she did suggest that relaxing the rules is not in order.“I believe that if we’d seen these numbers in April, or May or even August we all would have found the case counts extremely worrisome. I don’t think the current case counts point us towards relaxing the roadblocks we’re putting up in front of the virus,” she said at a Monday press briefing. “The extra time we asked for shows that we have not reached that point yet.”The province earlier announced a colour-coded framework for reopening that saw restrictions lifted in many areas this weekend despite a rise in cases. Toronto was omitted from the new stages after city officials asked for another week to assess the situation locally. Under the new provincial rules, which are set to come into effect on Saturday, Toronto would fall into the “orange” or “restrict” category, which includes allowing up to 50 people dining indoors and 50 people at gyms.City officials said Monday they continue to seek further legal and public advice.“Every option is actively being considered so that we can assure ourselves that we are making the best decision,” de Villa said. promised “strong, responsible” action based on the best available advice in public health and law, and that conversations with the province remain “constructive.”As Brampton saw cases continuing to spike, Dr. Lawrence Loh, Peel Region’s medical officer of health, issued new directives on Saturday that impose restrictions on residents and businesses beyond the province’s new framework.“Concerningly, in the past week area hospitals have begun to reach capacity as a direct consequence of a surge in COVID-19 admissions,” the letter from Loh reads. “This means any further growth of the COVID-19 pandemic in our community will overwhelm our efforts to keep our community safe, ensure access to hospital and health-care services and prevent mortality.”Despite warnings from the Ontario Hospital Association about health system capacity, Peel joined other areas in reopening this weekend as the only region in the “red” or “control” category under the province’s newly announced “Keeping Ontario Safe and Open” framework. The red category amounts to a modified stage 2, but one that is different than what is currently in place in Toronto. It allows up to 10 people to dine indoors and 10-person gym classes. Loh’s letter said the new provincial framework “may result in a small but material reopening of certain high-risk businesses” which he said needed to be countered with additional measures to prevent risk of spread. That includes, for example, directing all wedding celebrations in businesses be prohibited and specific new measures for group gym classes, though they continue to be discouraged.He also issued advice to residents — which is not enforceable — to not gather outside their household, asked bars and restaurants to limit seating to those within the same household only and recommended religious groups move services online.Speaking to reporters Monday, Premier Doug Ford reiterated confidence in the province’s plan, calling it a “very good framework.”He said his government continues to collaborate with Tory and de Villa.“We’re going to communicate and make sure that we’re all on the same page at the end of the day,” Ford said. “Dr. de Villa has the authority and the power to change things if she’s not comfortable.”The city and province have previously disagreed over who has the ultimate authority to impose sweeping measures, which caused a week-long standoff earlier this fall when de Villa urged Ford’s government to return Toronto to stage 2 under the old rules.Natalia Kusendova, the PC MPP for Mississauga Centre, posted a video to her Twitter account on Sunday singling out Dr. Loh and making it clear the government was not responsible for imposing additional measures on religious services or other activities.Asked about Loh’s directives on Monday, Ford said he respected Loh’s advice.“I support what he has done and we’re going to move forward with the guidelines that he’s recommending.”
INDIANAPOLIS - University of Notre Dame students are now subject to mandatory coronavirus testing and face strict penalties if they leave town before getting their test results after thousands of fans stormed the football field and threw parties to celebrate a double-overtime upset over Clemson.The mass of students, players and coaches crammed close together on the field in the minutes following the Fighting Irish’s 47-40 win Saturday night in South Bend, Indiana, over then-No. 1 Clemson. Many were not wearing masks or had them pulled down.All Notre Dame students are required to undergo coronavirus testing before they leave South Bend for the extended winter break, Notre Dame President the Rev. John Jenkins told students in an email Sunday night. Jenkins didn’t specifically reference the storming of the field, but rather “many gatherings“ over the weekend.If a student is exposed or tests positive, they will be required to quarantine on campus for two weeks. If students don’t complete the mandatory coronavirus test — or if they leave before they receive their test results — they will be prevented from registering for classes, university officials said.The campus has also introduced a zero-tolerance rule for gatherings that do not follow safety guidelines. Any student hosting a large gathering will face “severe sanctions.”“As exciting as last night’s victory against Clemson was, it was very disappointing to see evidence of widespread disregard of our health protocols at many gatherings over the weekend,” Jenkins said in his letter. In addition to the game, numerous parties were held across campus.Following the win, Notre Dame moved up two spots to No. 2 in The Associated Press college football poll, while Clemson dropped to No. 4.The celebration came just two days after Jenkins released a video warning students about spikes in COVID-19 cases on campus and imploring them to redouble their efforts to follow safety measures. Notre Dame reported 24 new COVID-19 cases on Friday, with 220 active cases overall. The university has reported 1,355 positive cases since the start of the fall semester.Jenkins has come under criticism in recent weeks after he failed to wear a mask at a White House Rose Garden ceremony at which President Donald Trump introduced Amy Coney Barrett as his nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court. Jenkins, who tested positive for COVID-19 days later, shook hands and sat shoulder-to-shoulder with others at the event.Jenkins later apologized, admitting he had “failed to lead by example.“ Notre Dame’s Faculty Senate formally expressed disappointment in his actions in a resolution passed Thursday.___Casey Smith is a corps member for the Associated Press/Report for America Statehouse News Initiative. Report for America is a non-profit national service program that places journalists in local newsrooms to report on undercovered issues.
Following one staff case of , students in most classes at a North York elementary school are being asked to self-isolate.“We take our lead from Toronto Public Health, which is not recommending a closure,” Toronto District School Board media relations representative Ryan Bird said in an email to the Star Monday, confirming the steps taken at Stanley Public School, near Jane Street and Sheppard Avenue, whose students range from junior kindergarten to Grade 5. The seven self-isolating classes represent a majority of the 294 pupils.The news came as Ontario reported an additional 79 new cases in public schools across the province, bringing the total in the last two weeks to 906 and 2,707 overall since school began., the province reported 39 more students were infected for a total of 513 in the last two weeks; since school began there have been an overall total of 1,523.The data shows there are 13 more staff members infected for a total of 87 in the last two weeks — and an overall total of 341.The latest report also shows 27 more infected individuals who weren’t identified for a total of 306 in that category in the last two weeks and an overall total of 843.There are 565 schools with a reported case, which the province notes is 11.7 per cent of the 4,828 public schools in Ontario.One school is closed because of an outbreak. Elder’s Mills Public School, a French-immersion elementary school in Woodbridge, of COVID-19. The school is set to reopen Wednesday.There is a lag between the daily provincial data at 10:30 a.m. and news reports about infections in schools. The provincial data on Monday is current as of 2 p.m. Friday. It doesn’t include weekend reports, and also doesn’t indicate where the place of transmission occurred.The TDSB updates its information on current COVID-19 cases throughout the day . As of 11:45 a.m. on Monday, there were 201 TDSB schools with at least one active case — 289 students and 70 staff.The Toronto Catholic District School Board also updates its information . As of Monday at 3:50 p.m., there are 62 schools with at least one active confirmed case — 85 active student cases and 11 staff.Epidemiologists have  that the rising numbers in the schools aren’t a surprise, and that the cases will be proportionate to the amount of COVID that is in the community.
TORONTO - One week after Super League rejected the Toronto Wolfpack’s bid for reinstatement, Wolfpack coach Brian McDermott remains angry, bitter and incredulous.“I won’t pull any punches,” said the 50-year-old former Royal Marine. “It’s rocked everybody. It’s shocked and stunned me.”McDermott had to give the news to his players via a Zoom call, one final negative update on the transatlantic rugby league team after months of uncertainty during the pandemic.“That was one of the hardest ones I’ve done, where I’m effectively telling the players ‘That’s us done. That’s the fight over. We are all now officially unemployed. And we’ve got to go out and try and find employment somewhere else. And this dream is over for everybody.’”“Nobody said too much … A very sombre moment for everybody,” he added.For players and staff who have not been paid since June 10, there is also the fear they may never see money owed. McDermott, for one, signed a new five-year contract last November.“That’s not worth anything,” he said with a laugh.“It probably shouldn’t need explaining but there isn’t a club, now,” he added. “There’s no club, there’s no entity, there’s no bank account, there’s no overdraft. There’s nothing that you can rely upon. There’s nothing. It’s gone. That’s it. Over. Finished.”McDermott then paused.“I’ve got to be careful about what I’m saying, because I’m feeling very resentful. I’m feeling very angry. I feel very bitter. And embarrassed … for the people of Toronto.”“The journey we were on was more than promising,” he added. “And just overnight — bang. Gone. It’s finished. That’s it. Done. You’re over.”McDermott says Super League’s criticism of the club’s proposed new business plan is nothing more than a smokescreen.He believes the fate of the Wolfpack came down to one issue — money. Potential new owner Carlo LiVolsi wanted the same share of the central distribution funding as the other 11 Super League clubs.“That’s when we got refused,” McDermott told The Canadian Press. “That’s when Super League clubs thought ‘At the moment my slice of the pie is a certain width. And if we allow Toronto back in with a 100 per cent distribution, then my slice of the pie is going to get thinner next year.’“That’s the reason. And I think that’s the embarrassment of all this, not what we did.”That central funding, worth about 2.3 million pounds ($3.9 million) per team in a normal year, is drawn primarily from TV revenue with a portion from sponsorships. Lower-league teams share a much smaller amount.Under terms of its agreement with rugby league authorities, Toronto was denied any of that. The club believed the issue would be reopened once it got to Super League, but that didn’t happen.McDermott, who acknowledges the Toronto franchise should never have agreed to its original terms of its entry into the sport, wonders what other league discriminates against one club in such a way.Super League has already started looking for a team to replace the Wolfpack with reports that the replacement franchise will get a smaller share of the central distribution funding than existing clubs.“I think what the Toronto Wolfpack’s done for four years without distribution (funding) has been amazing,” said McDermott. “I think (current majority owner) David Argyle, on reflection needs a huge amount of credit, not so much about how he ran the club — I won’t try and defend that, that wasn’t good enough — but (for) funding the club to the level he did for such a long period of time with no ending in sight of this ridiculous concept that we don’t get distribution (funding).“Added to that, we’ve also got to pay for everyone else’s travel and accommodation (in Canada).”Argyle has said he and the existing ownership group poured $30 million into the team since it first took the field in 2017. News that Super League, in mulling over Toronto’s reinstatement bid, had appointed an independent committee to look into the viability of the sport in North America had heartened McDermott.“All the evidence and all the common sense would suggest that we would get another go,” he said.The Wolfpack’s last home game, a 24-6 win over Featherstone Rovers on Oct. 5, 2019, in the Million Pound Game that earned the team promotion to Super League, drew an announced sellout crowd of 9,974 at Lamport Stadium. The previous franchise record was 9,562 — the highest single-game attendance for any game in the second-tier Betfred Championship — set during Toronto’s April 2019 home opener against Swinton.McDermott said the team averaged 8,000 at home last season.The Super League-appointed committee concluded “that operating a team in a fiercely competitive North American sports market was non-strategic and added no material incremental revenue to Super League in the short or medium term.” McDermott says the Super League verdict on the Wolfpack lacks transparency.“I think it’s a dishonest decision and I think it lacks integrity,” he added. “I think it brings into question the governance. I think it brings into question the voting process about how Super League clubs are allowed to vote for their competitors, whether they want to have them in or not.“(Wolfpack fullback) Gareth O’Brien’s going to go sign for Castleford. Now guess which way Castleford sided?”The 11 other Super League clubs had a vote on Toronto’s fate, as did the Rugby Football League and Super League chief executive Robert Elstone. The vote reportedly was 8-4 against the Wolfpack with one abstention.Because of the pandemic, the Wolfpack never got a chance to play any Super League games at home this year. The team stood down July 20, saying it could not afford to play out the remainder of the season.Super League ripped up Toronto’s participation agreement and expunged it from the standings.McDermott acknowledges the team and Argyle made mistakes. But he says the Wolfpack found a home and fans in Toronto and could have survived post-COVID if given the chance.While at least 10 Wolfpack players have found other clubs, either on loan or permanently, others have suffered without pay. Few get rich playing rugby league, a punishing sport that takes a physical toll.Veteran forward Jon Wilkin, a former England international, told Sky Sports that one of his Wolfpack teammates “has pretty much borrowed all of the money he can, is getting food tokens for food and he was being paid 20,000 pounds ($34,175) a year — he’s not a professional footballer, he’s not on millions of pounds a year.”He cited three others — one delivering dog food for a living, another living in a camper van because he can’t afford rent and a third “doing surf lessons to make ends meet.”“You stop paying our players for two months and most of them will run out of money,” said McDermott.“I think our players and our staff as well have been outstanding,” he added. “I’ve learned some lessons about humanity over the last six months. The way our players have conducted themselves, the way the staff conducted themselves. A lot of them have gone out and got jobs.”Veteran forward Adam Sidlow, for example, joined his father-in-law’s groundworks company and is operating a dumper.McDermott is no ordinary coach. In eight seasons with Leeds Rhinos prior to taking over Toronto, he won eight four Grand Finals, two Challenge Cups, a League Leaders’ Shield and a World Club Challenge.As a player, he made more than 250 appearances for Bradford Bulls and represented both England and Great Britain.---Follow @NeilMDavidson on TwitterThis report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 9, 2020
Toronto police have revealed more details that killed a pedestrian on Allen Road, near Lawrence Avenue West A 33-year-old man was struck and killed on the expressway in North York at about 7:20 p.m., police said. A 28-year-old man was driving a 2016 white cargo van north on the Allen when he struck the pedestrian, police said in a news release Monday. The pedestrian then succumbed to his injuries.The driver of the vehicle remained at the scene, police said. It’s not immediately clear why the pedestrian was on the expressway at the time. Members of Traffic Services are investigating. Police ask that local residents, businesses and drivers with security or dash camera footage of the area or incident to contact investigators.
Officers issued more than 4,000 tickets in a dangerous driving crackdown last week, Toronto police say.The crackdown was part of the Pedestrian Safety Campaign that ran from Nov. 2 to Nov. 8. During the weeks after the start of Daylight Savings Time, police said there has historically been a 30 per cent increase in pedestrian-involved collisions.Police issued 2,422 tickets for speeding, 892 for aggressive driving, 98 for the use of hand-held communication devices and 880 tickets labelled as “other.”Officers focused on enforcing and educating people about speeding, driving aggressively, driving while distracted and driving while impaired, police said in a news release Monday. “Officers laid eight stunt driving-related infractions where the drivers received a suspension and their vehicles were impounded,” police said.“A total of 13 impaired-related arrests were also made.”Sgt. Jason Kraft thanked everyone who helped spread the “traffic safety messages.”“We all have a role in making our roads safer and changing behaviour through education, engagement and enforcement are key to reducing serious collisions,” Kraft said in a statement. “Let’s continue the conversation around road safety.” while announcing a similar crackdown, collisions involving pedestrians spike by more than 30 per cent during the evening commute hours from November to March.Toronto police reported the grim statistics on traffic collisions so far in 2020 in a news release Oct. 30. “Year-to-date, 15 pedestrians have died on Toronto’s roads and 67 per cent of these victims were 55 years or older,” police said at the time. “Many of these pedestrian deaths happened on arterial roads which are wide, multi-lane streets that carry high volumes of traffic.“(Since 2018,) 46 per cent of pedestrian fatalities involved midblock crossings. Similarly 46 per cent of fatalities were as a result of vehicles turning at intersections.”
There is an amazing connection between Canadian Tire Motorsport Park and the two winners of the NASCAR stock car championship races held this weekend at Phoenix International Raceway. I’ll tell you all about them in a moment, but first, The Sermon.  about Formula One in these columns any more. I’ll finish this season, because we’ve come this far, but that will be it. Of course, that means I won’t watch the races, either. This is a tough decision, because our country, as is the case this year, will have two drivers competing at the top level next year. But I believe in human decency and the people who own and operate F1 apparently do not. I am aghast at the decision announced last week that F1 will race in Saudi Arabia, starting in 2021. Do Chase Carey and the rest of Liberty Media have no shame? Are they so hungry for the almighty dollar that they will take it from anybody? Although he has denied knowledge of it, the CIA concluded that Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the guy in charge of that Middle Eastern country, ordered the slaying and almost-instant dismembering of the body of Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi inside the Saudi embassy in Turkey in 2018. He’s also responsible for tortures, arbitrary detention and disappearances — and people in Saudi jails are routinely denied access to medical treatment and contact with their families. Even the UN, by accepting thugs like him as members, thus giving them legitimacy, approved a resolution condemning his regime’s treatment of its citizens. But what are a few human rights abuses between friends, eh? Particularly when there’s $40 or $50 million in F1 sanctioning fees — maybe more — attached to the souls of those poor, helpless people. Bahrain was bad enough. It’s around the corner from Saudi Arabia and its human rights record is about as bad. But I had a feeling that the ensuing uproar would make Bernie Ecclestone, who was still in charge when racing first started there, see the error of his ways, much like international pressure had finally forced F1 to stop racing in South Africa back in the days of apartheid. But to my surprise, there was no uproar. I wrote columns in Toronto Star Wheels about it, as did others in their publications, and unlike South Africa, nothing happened. In just a few short years, the world had changed. Now it’s changed even more. F1 announces that it’s made a deal with the devil and the world couldn’t care less. Well, I care. I can’t really do anything about it but I can, in my very small way, signal my disapproval by refusing to cover it. There’s plenty of other motorsport to write about and so IndyCar, NASCAR, IMSA and local racing will get all of my attention. The only way F1 will get the message is if millions of people stop watching and reading about it. I can’t ask anyone else to join me. But I sure hope you do.  his first NASCAR Cup championships decisively Sunday afternoon at Phoenix International Raceway while on Saturday, at the same oval in the desert; Austin Cindric won his first Xfinity Series championship. The interesting thing about those two is that each won his first big-league NASCAR race at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park, north of Bowmanville.In 2013, when Elliott was cutting his NASCAR teeth in what was then called the Craftsman Truck Series (now the Gander RV and Outdoors Series), the championship came north of the border for the first time on Labour Day weekend for the first Chevy Silverado 250. Elliott won that first race by running into Ty Dillon at the last corner and spinning him out, in 2014, and moved into the Cup Series the following year, though it took him till 2018 before he made it into Victory Lane. Chase Elliott is, of course, the son of Bill Elliott, Cup Series champion in 1988 and one of the most popular drivers in the history of NASCAR. Of course, the son is taking after the father: he was voted MPD himself after Dale Earnhardt Jr. retired. The championship race itself was a bit of a letdown. Elliott’s car twice flunked pre-race inspection, so he went from the pole to starting last. But before the first stage was over, he was running at the front with the three other challengers. The reason the race was a ho-hummer, of course, is that all the non-championship-contending drivers were trying their best to stay out of the way. With 20 or so laps remaining, Elliott pulled out a straightaway lead on Joey Logano — Denny Hamlin and Brad Keselowski were the other contenders — and all Elliott had to do was hang on till the finish. For a full story, please . CTMP NASCAR race winner, Cindric, was the winner of the Xfinity Series showdown at Phoenix. In 2017, Cindric, son of Penske Racing CEO Tim Cindric, won his first NASCAR truck race at CTMP and he did it exactly the way Elliott had — he rammed the car winning the race out of the way on the last lap and then held on for the win. I had done a feature on Cindric before that weekend and he’d described what he’d do if he was running second on the last lap. When he came into the media room afterward, he saw me and said, “See? I told you I’d do that!” The race was more exciting than the Cup finale, for two reasons: all the drivers in the race were racing, rather than staying out of the way, and Cindric and fellow championship contender Justin Allgaier frequently had to bull their way past slower cars. Second, the race went into overtime after a crash near the conclusion and Cindric stopped for tires and restarted third. There was some running and bumping going on those last two laps but he made it into the top spot on the last lap and went on to win by an eyelash. For a complete story, please .  no “out of bounds” at Phoenix, what are all those white and yellow lines doing painted on the track? …  officially retired from NASCAR on Sunday. He finished fifth in that last Cup race of 2020. People were giving him gold watches and silver tea services and things like that. Johnson said his kids have sacrificed for him so now he plans to spend as much time doing what they want, maybe even living in Europe for awhile. Oh, although he didn’t say it, he plans to squeeze an IndyCar race or two into his laid-back schedule, just for relaxation, I imagine. Kind of like the Trans-Am Series, which raced at Circuit of the Americas at the weekend and had at least one mid-70s-year-old guy in the field. It’s a free country and people can do what they want but Johnson’s presence will not do IndyCar’s image any good at all. Trust me on this... 
Despite indoor dining being shut down in many parts of Ontario for a month, COVID-19 cases have continued to rise. Could that mean restaurants and bars weren’t the hot spots many said they were?Epidemiologists say it’s not that simple.Many in the restaurant industry feel they have been “scapegoated” for the actions of a handful of bars and restaurants that weren’t following COVID-19 guidelines. James Rilett, Restaurants Canada’s vice-president for Central Canada is one of them.“It’s even clearer now that (closing indoor dining) was not a necessary measure,” Rilett said. “If restaurants were a part of the problem then the problem would have, should have gone down.”Ontario restaurateurs welcome the return to indoor dining, said Rilett, adding many of the additional restrictions under the province’s new colour-coded  are already widespread.John Sinopoli, co-founder and executive chef of Ascari Hospitality Group and co-founder of SaveHospitalityCA, agrees that restaurants, as well as gyms, have been unfairly targeted by the province in terms of closures and restrictions when other industries have contributed as much, if not more, to the spread of COVID-19 in Ontario.Sinopoli feels the messaging by the province and municipalities has been muddled and inconsistent, and that restaurants are paying the price.However, he is not convinced that reopening indoor dining is the best call right now, with cases on the rise. “What we want is good public health policy that protects everyone and brings the cases down, and then when those cases are down, then we can safely reopen,” he said. “It’s clear that shutting down indoor dining was not the answer — on its own.”However, epidemiologists, who investigate causes of disease, say that despite multiple weeks without indoor dining in several areas of Ontario, the continued rise in COVID-19 cases could still be attributed in part to restaurants and bars.It’s all about exponential spread, explained Cynthia Carr, an epidemiologist and health policy expert. COVID-19 has an incubation period of about two weeks, but someone infected at a bar more than two weeks ago could have infected other people who might only now be showing symptoms.“All you need is a couple (of cases) to trigger it,” she said.It’s true that available data on outbreaks doesn’t pinpoint restaurants as the biggest culprits for outbreaks, she said, but that data should be taken with a grain of salt.On Oct. 29, the province released data on the sources of COVID-19 outbreaks. In Toronto, 14 per cent of outbreaks since Aug. 1 were linked to bars and restaurants, compared to 22 per cent in schools and 18 per cent in long-term care and retirement homes.But due to the difficulty of obtaining precise data on outbreaks in food and drink establishments, the real impact could be much higher, Carr said.“It’s very complicated to try to really understand what the true outbreak rate is in bars and restaurants,” she said, because there isn’t a clear policy on reporting these outbreaks, and contact tracing is more difficult in a setting where people are less likely to remember all their potential contacts.After the same report attributed just two per cent of Ottawa’s outbreaks to restaurants and bars, Ottawa Public Health took to Twitter to explain that outbreaks are only part of the picture.“Just because an outbreak was not declared in a specific setting does not mean transmission did not occur there,” reads one tweet in the  posted Oct. 30. Regardless of the data, Carr said indoor dining meets all the criteria for a high-risk activity: an enclosed space where people aren’t wearing masks, and where people congregate for more than 15 minutes.Toronto epidemiologist Colin Furness agrees. He feels the data is misleading, and may make people feel safer dining out than they should.“Restaurants closed and the cases are still rising. Of course they are,” he said. “Once you see an outbreak, then you continue to get cases.”And in many cases, it’s not the diners who are most at risk, he said, but rather the workers, who may then spread COVID-19 in their own circles. He believes the province should be performing “surveillance testing” of servers in order to more effectively track where cases and outbreaks are coming from.“If we’d done that in August, we’d be able to demonstrate very clearly what’s going on,” he said. If Ontario continues on its current trajectory, which includes reopening indoor dining, Furness believes the province will be ripe for a second full lockdown come January.And again, the results won’t be immediate, he said.“When we open restaurants on (Nov.) 14th in Toronto, don’t expect the surge in cases the next week or the week after that. It’s going to take about six weeks,” he said. 
TORONTO - B.C. Lions quarterback Mike Reilly has filed a grievance against the CFL team reportedly over the non-payment of guaranteed money.A CFL source confirmed Monday the grievance had been filed. The source spoke on the condition of anonymity as the league, Lions and CFL Players’ Association have all not publicly divulged specific details.The Lions declined comment Monday.Reilly signed a four-year, $2.9-million deal with B.C. as a free agent in February 2019 following six seasons with the Edmonton Eskimos. It was a homecoming of sorts for Reilly, a native of Kennewick, Wash., who began his CFL career with the Lions (2010-12).Reilly’s deal with B.C. was significant as it made him the CFL’s highest-paid player but it also reportedly included $250,000 being fully guaranteed. When the league cancelled the 2020 season due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the source said Reilly was still expecting to receive his guaranteed stipend and the grievance was filed last month because he’d not received it as of then.Ed Hervey, who signed Reilly to the four-year deal in 2019, resigned as Lions GM on Oct. 16, citing personal reasons. Just 10 days later, franchise owner David Braley passed away at the age of 79.Reilly, 35, was the CFL’s outstanding player in 2017 after passing for a career-high 5,830 yards and 30 touchdowns. He guided Edmonton to a Grey Cup title in 2015, earning game MVP honours.In 2019, Reilly threw for 3,897 yards with 20 TDs and 15 interceptions in 16 regular-season games as B.C. (5-13) finished last in the West Division standings.This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 9, 2020.

Living within the strict boundaries of the WNBA bubble in Florida took a toll on Natalie Achonwa’s mental and emotional well-being.But in some ways, being forced to face the threats of COVID-19 after leaving the safety net of the “wubble” was even tougher. The 27-year-old from Guelph, Ont., had planned on taking some time off after the WNBA wrapped up a few weeks ago, but is playing in Schio, Italy, a country in the grip of a second wave of the global pandemic.“The WNBA bubble was really hard for me,” Achonwa said. “When you’re there, you feel stuck, trapped, like you can’t go anywhere. “But then leaving, I had quite the opposite feeling of leaving this area that was protected, the safety of being around people who were tested every day were confined to the same space. So, leaving took quite a toll.”Achonwa, who’s playing in Italy’s Serie A1 league, initially planned to join a team in Europe in January after taking a break, but like the majority of her Canadian teammates who are stationed in basketball outposts around Europe, the Indiana Fever forward figured she’d better grab the opportunity while it was there. “With COVID, I honestly wasn’t sure if we would have leagues come January, or what it would look like, if there was even going to be an opportunity,” she said. “I’m basically a seasonal employee, I get paid for a certain amount of months in the WNBA season, and outside of that, still have to pay bills, I still need to work. And I was afraid that if I waited too long that I might not have the opportunity to play.”Ruth Hamblin, a six-foot-six centre from Houston, B.C., is playing for Politechnika Gdanska in Poland, the fifth country she’s called a basketball home. The COVID threat hit way too close for comfort a few weeks ago when eight of her teammates tested positive, sending the team into quarantine.“We were slowly seeing the test results come back, and it was: positive, positive, positive. I was like, ‘Oh my gosh, we all have COVID at this point,’” Hamblin said. “That was really nerve-wracking, but then I got my negative result and did a little happy dance.”Hamblin cherished the summer spent with family, saying it “refuelled my soul.” She considered sitting out the winter season, but said the goal is to be at her best at the Tokyo Olympics. Canada already clinched an Olympic berth.“It’s a whole extra year to get better. The Olympics (without the pandemic) would have happened already, and I’m (still) growing and expanding my games in different ways. I get to be that much better in 2021 when it comes.”Aislinn Konig is a big planner. She likes to set her goals and schedule a couple of months in advance. But COVID-19 upended everything in her pivotal senior season at NC State. The Wolfpack had just won the ACC Tournament. Konig had been named tournament MVP. NC State would have been either a No. 1 or 2 seed at the NCAA championships. But the NCAA championships were among the global sports events erased in the early days of the pandemic. “It’s the best way we could have ended it in the circumstances,” she said. The Surrey, B.C., native then went undrafted by the WNBA. She’s playing with Elfic Fribourg in the Swiss league.“Before I got to Switzerland and signed my contract, there were definitely some stressful nights where there wasn’t a whole lot of sleep,” she said. “And really good conversations with the people around me, trying to calm me down a little bit.”Despite spending the last week in quarantine in her studio apartment after a couple of positive tests on her team, she doesn’t view the experience as negative.“I read a really awesome quote a couple of days ago, it went ‘Some mistakes take us to the places we were always meant to be,’” she said. “I really like that. “Even though I didn’t have the same control I’d like to and the same foresight, I feel like I’m in a really great position right now with where I’m playing, the league is continuing despite the issues that they’ve been having. And, I’m just surrounded by great people. “I wouldn’t say it’s a silver lining, but I think learning to appreciate the things that are still happening for us was something that was really important for me.”Konig, who follows a plant-based diet, has been spending any down time writing a how-to book for college athletes who are vegetarian or vegan. She’s also working with her dad on his start-up Internet security business.International leagues are on pause for a two-week FIBA break. Canada, which has booked its berth for the Tokyo Olympics, isn’t gathering for the break due to widespread travel restrictions. The Canadian players attend regular Zoom meetings though.Hamblin believes history will show the Canadian women, ranked No. 4 globally, came through these unprecedented months that much stronger for the experience. “The way I’ve seen so many Canadian athletes, including our team, the way we’ve come together and have resolved to not let this change our momentum, I think there’s just a really resilient spirit behind it,” she said. “It’s going to be really cool come 2021 in Tokyo, just to see the fruition of that, because it’s been just these crazy, unparalleled circumstances, and we’re all going to come out conquerers of it at the end.” This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 9, 2020. 
WASHINGTON—“A time to heal.” That was the theme of U.S. president-elect ’s Saturday night acceptance speech, drawn from the book of Ecclesiastes. It was a message directed to ’s supporters. “Let’s give each other a chance,” Biden said. “This is the time to heal in America.” Biden’s call was for healing both physical and psychological: for the actual bodies of America, ravaged by the pandemic, and for the body politic, cleaved by partisan contempt. Both are daunting tasks. As urgent as the first is, it might be the simpler one.Even as  spreads unchecked in virtually every corner of the United States now, with average daily new case counts in the past week topping 111,000, there was a hint of good news on Monday, as Pfizer announced interim analysis of its vaccine trials suggesting it was more than 90 per cent effective. And Biden has already gone to work. On Monday morning, he announced his team of COVID-19 advisers during the transition and called again for mask usage.Experts greeted both pieces of news enthusiastically. Ashish Jha of Brown University’s School of Public Health (a former Toronto resident who is one of the world’s foremost epidemic experts),  that the vaccine news was “clearly a step forward” and “better than I was expecting.” In a , Jha said the coming months will be the “hardest days of the pandemic,” but that there’s light at the end of the tunnel: “Today, that light got a bit brighter.” And he  Biden’s task force the “A-team.”It was an encouraging day for the first part of Biden’s healing mandate.The way Trumpworld greeted the vaccine news, however, might give a clue to some challenges to the second part. “Nothing nefarious about the timing of this at all right?” Donald Trump Jr. tweeted, implying — as his father has before — that even medical science was conspiring in the plot to steal the. Trump has not conceded, and a lot of his supporters aren’t interested in talking about healing. “You have zero understanding of the mood of 70 million Americans who have been unfairly attacked relentlessly for the past four years as awful (people) just for supporting their president,” former Fox News host Megyn Kelly tweeted as part of a series of messages. “Half of the country has been demonized as awful for four years … And now it’s ‘let’s heal!’ ‘Unity!’ Good luck.”This kind of wounded reaction will strike many as a bit rich, coming from Trump’s side of the political spectrum. The outgoing president’s rhetoric has demonized minorities, immigrants, political opponents and other swaths of the American public. His supporters ate it up. “Make liberals cry again” was a slogan I saw often among Trump supporters, alongside “.” Another Trumpian : “Journalist. Rope. Tree. Some assembly required.”Which is why a lot of leftists will also reject an immediate national chorus of “Kumbaya.” “We are just supposed to excuse and forget the attacks on Muslims, Black women, and others? HELL NO,” liberal commentator Roland Martin responded to Kelly.For many, it’s easier to understand the grievances of the anti-Trump side: the president and his supporters were often racist and xenophobic, authoritarian and intentionally antagonistic. Trump’s niece Mary was one of many who summed up the attitude of the 45th president with the phrase: “The cruelty is the point.”Understanding why Trump’s supporters feel like they’re the attacked group can take a bit more mental work for people in big cities or lefty social circles, and elicit a lot less sympathy. Journalists have logged a lot of hours since 2016 hanging around rural diners and outside closed factories to document the racial resentment, “economic insecurity,” and tribal loyalty of MAGA nation.A lot of it boils down to people who feel like their place in the pecking order is challenged. Some analyses suggest it’s not the poorest people who support Trump (as some assume) but the  — middle-class Americans who feel like a changing country makes their place unstable. The stereotypical husband who is resentful when his wife gets a job that pays her more than he earns is not a sympathetic character. Those voters who resent changing demographics and progressive attitudes are not, for a lot of other people, sympathetic characters.But they elicited some empathy from comedian Dave Chappelle, who delivered one of the most powerful political speeches of the past week on “Saturday Night Live,” just hours after Biden’s acceptance speech. Profane, intentionally offensive, uncomfortable and hilarious, Chappelle said, “I can’t even tell something true unless it has a punchline behind it.” Then, behind the punchlines, he assessed the feelings of many Trump supporters like his neighbours in small-town Ohio, even as he openly mocked Trump himself. “Remember that for the first time in the history of America, the life expectancy of white people is dropping — because of heroin, because of suicide. All these white people out there that feel that anguish, that pain, they think nobody cares,” he said. “Let me tell you something, I know how that feels.” To police officers who feel like putting on their uniform makes them a target of abuse? “Believe me, I know how that feels.”As a Black man in the U.S., those are familiar feelings to Chappelle.Then he diagnosed the problem that results, and hinted at the path to a solution. “You guys hate each other for that. And I don’t hate anybody. I just hate that feeling.”Better (and briefer) than most politicians, it felt like this comedian had summarized the challenge the newly elected Biden had set up for himself. Chappelle got to end his speech with another punchline. Biden has a tougher job: to actually bring about the healing he’s promised. 
After days of vote counts in battleground states, theby the American people. Joe Biden will serve as the 46th president, alongside Kamala Harris as vice president. Their wins are both historic — Biden becomes only the third presidential candidate since World War II to beat an incumbent president and Harris becomes the first woman to serve as vice president.of major U.S. cities after the election was called, putting an end to four tumultous years of the Trump presidency. But the incoming leaders face the monumental task of uniting a deeply divided nation. Despite losing the popular vote, Donald Trump garnered more than 71 million votes, with his brand of nationalist politics deeply embedded in the Republican Party. Edward Keenan, Toronto Star’s Washington bureau chief, returns to  to talk about the election win, the fallout for the US and what a Biden presidency means for the Canada-US relationship, for the next four years. Listen to this episode and more at  or subscribe at , ,  or wherever you listen to your favourite podcasts.
In a move expected to drive student employment, Toronto is partnering with its eight universities and colleges on research to support the city’s recovery from the impacts of the pandemic, Mayor John Tory announced Monday.“The presence in our city of excellent, globally recognized academic institutions on every corner, almost, is a huge asset we had before the pandemic, we have today and we will have going forward,” said Tory, announcing the partnership at a press conference held with provincial and federal government representatives.All three levels of government are funding the initiative, with Toronto contributing $100,000 for the first eight studies, which have already been selected.The majority of the funding will go to hiring students to undertake the research.The partnership allows the city to present research priorities to the city’s higher education institutions (HEI), through a working group formed to pilot and expedite the effort.The working group is chaired by Robert Luke, CEO, eCampusOntario, a provincially funded non-profit organization focused on advancing digital learning. The working group also includes representatives from the city, the colleges and universities, and funding, student placement and research partners.The first eight research projects include: The link between socio-demographics and the incidence and severity of COVID-19; supply chain risks related to personal protective equipment (PPE) and a project that will look at who in the city lacks digital connectivity and why, with an eye to recommending policy changes or financial investments to bridge the gap.The other studies will look at the pandemic’s impact on air pollution; telework and its impact on employee performance and barriers and challenges facing low-income residents in filing income taxes in order to access benefits like low-income housing and child care fee subsidies.Ryerson University will be involved in seven of the projects; Seneca College, York University and University of Toronto each have two and Humber College has one.Toronto’s HEIs also include George Brown College, OCAD University and Centennial College.The partnership between the city and the schools is expected to be made permanent.The current projects are to be completed between December 2020 and September 2021, with more research proposals to be brought forward in late 2020 or early 2021.The studies will be conducted with a variety of city departments, from Toronto Public Health to the technology services division. The projects are expected to produce new data, research papers and recommendations and the findings used to inform changes to city policies, processes and service and support the work of COVID-19 response and recovery, according to a press release from the city.Mitacs, a not-for-profit national research organization aimed at fostering growth and innovation, funded by the federal and provincial governments, is contributing more than $50,000. The HEIs are contributing more than $25,000.Conducting collaborative research was identified as an opportunity by the mayor’s Economic Support and Recovery Task Force, through an Academic Institutions Working Group, chaired by Coun. Jennifer McKelvie, a former research scientist.“It’s going to employ students and we will have some excellent research and recommendation outcomes for the city,” said McKelvie, (Ward 25 Scarborough-Rouge Park).
Congratulations to Joseph R. Biden on winning the hardest job in the world.Even scientists working on antigravitational propulsion are now fiddling with their gyroscopes and thinking, “This is vexing. But at least I’m not trying to unite America.”Remember that daunting feeling when you were a kid and opened a 10,000-piece jigsaw puzzle? I’m still traumatized by dewy meadows and blue skies. That must be how Biden feels now. He’s squinting at baffling shapes and patterns and hoping to make them fit together.And even before he starts, Donald Trump is trying to set the pieces ablaze.If I gave you a nickel this weekend for every time the media clutched their pearls over Trump’s refusal to concede, I’d now be eating Purina and living under a bridge. Come on, media! You expect Trump to admit he lost? O.J. Simpson will find the “real killers” before that happens.Trump was never presidential .He’s sure not going to morph into Lincoln as he’s dragged toward the exit.This guy has more personality defects than Home Depot has screwdrivers. In 2016, he was a   because he could not accept that Hillary Clinton beat him in the popular vote. If you recorded him talking in his sleep, you’d hear grade school grievances: “That was the greatest goal ever! Billy didn’t stop the ball! The gym teacher is corrupt! They stole my goal!”Whatever. While it’s dangerous for a U.S. president to delegitimize the democratic process and pump the brakes on a peaceful transfer of power because he’s a raging narcissist who refuses to believe what’s clear in the windshield, my guess is Team Biden is not shocked. They understand their undeniable triumph is a karate chop into the bloated solar plexus of an opponent already prone to pathological lying, projection and deflection.The Donald’s political fortunes got tucked into bed by Sleepy Joe. Now that smarts.But if Biden’s noble mission is to reach across the aisle and unite the Divided States of America, what’s happening now should be a wake-up call. It’s going to be near impossible to suture political wounds when one side isn’t even bleeding in the real world.To watch interviews with disbelieving Trump supporters this weekend on cable was to realize the gullible rubes in MAGA merch still inhabit a parallel universe. Spoiler alert: it wasn’t. If anything, bipartisan election officials across the country bent themselves into pretzels with transparency. This might be the most accurate vote count in American history. There were more cameras at polling centres — anyone with internet access could livestream the shockingly tedious process — than on the Vegas Strip. And poll watchers from the Trump campaign observed .It’s wonderful that president-elect Biden wants to fight as hard for those who voted for him as those who did not. But here’s the thing: if you Trump fans refuse to meet him halfway, he may abandon this goodwill. You can’t strike compromise with intransigence.It’s been grimly illuminating to see so many gutless Republicans nod along as Trump spreads baseless allegations of voter fraud. These people are so terrified of blowback from Trumpville, they are cowering in deference to someone who is officially goners.Honestly, Ted Cruz should consider a testicle transplant. And a new haircut.What happened to Lindsey Graham? He used to be refreshingly honest, pre-Trump. But now? If I were to play armchair psychologist, I’d say the death of John McCain — his best friend and, obviously, moral compass — also killed Lindsey Graham.He is a dead man walking, a body without mind, soul and a shred of decency.So in this, my final election dispatch now that results are in and I can get back to my fluff, here’s my message to the Trump Cult that is foolishly guzzling the last pitchers of Kool-Aid: There was no fraud. Biden won. He also cares about you more than Dear Leader ever did. He cares about your jobs, your health care, your education, your environment, your dreams.If Trump really believed this election was “stolen,” would he be golfing all weekend? Would his D-list legal team be filing lawsuits so ridiculous that it’s a miracle judges aren’t pulling rib cage muscles while laughing out loud and dismissing case after case?We’ve had a rocky relationship, Trump Cult. I regret having to block some of you. But it’s time to deactivate the reality distortion field and re-enter Planet Earth. Look, I get it. Most of you are also up to your eyes in QAnon crazy. If I believed Democrats were satanic pedophiles who drink toddler blood, “stealing an election” wouldn’t be much of a stretch. It’s like being told a serial killer once skipped out on his bill at TGI Friday’s.But Trump’s refusal to concede has nothing to do with a snowflake coup — it’s his last stand on reality. And it only has fleeting traction if you play along. So as Dear Leader keeps lying, as he resurrects his rallies-turned-pity-parades and surrogates spread disinformation, what you should do is separate the signal from the noise for your own sake.If it looks like a lame duck, swims like a lame duck, and quacks like a lame duck, then it probably isn’t Donald Trump. Right now, he’s more of a rabid ostrich, sticking his head in the political sands to ignore this humiliating loss. That humiliation is not yours.Joe Biden wants to help you. Let him.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Monday he hopes to see COVID-19 vaccines roll out in Canada early next year, but warned that won’t bring an immediate resolution to the pandemic currently seeing a resurgence in several provinces.The prime minister said news from Pfizer that one of its vaccine candidates appears very effective in clinical trials is “very encouraging” but won’t help anyone who catches the virus in the meantime.Speaking in Ottawa, Trudeau said other vaccine candidates have also appeared to progress well, and Canada has secured access to several, given the uncertainty regarding which will be ready first, which will be more effective with certain populations, and other variables. When a vaccine is safe to distribute, the government will begin dispensing it to high-priority groups first, he said.“We hope to see vaccines landing in the early next year but between now and then it’s really, really important that we double down on our efforts,” Trudeau said. “We need to make sure we are controlling the spread of COVID-19 in the coming months so that when vaccines get here we will be able to act quickly to protect all Canadians.”His comments came after a weekend that saw the two provinces hardest hit by the pandemic report record-breaking daily case counts.Quebec and Ontario reported 1,397 and 1,328 new cases respectively on Sunday, followed by 1,169 and 1,242 on Monday.Health officials in Quebec said Monday that while the situation has improved in some parts of the province, such as Quebec City and Montreal, it is worsening in others - including the Saguenay-Lac-St-Jean area, which currently has more than double the provincial rate of cases per 100,000 people.Public health authorities reported 94 new cases in the region on Monday, for a total of 312 active cases per 100,000 people.The region was placed under Quebec’s highest COVID-19 alert level on Nov. 2, and the province’s health minister said it will take some time before any effects from the new restrictions are seen.In Ontario, Premier Doug Ford was asked Monday whether the ballooning cases in the province pushed him to reconsider its new colour-coded system for pandemic measures, which loosened public health restrictions in all regions but Toronto when it took effect Saturday.The tiered system places health units in colour-coded categories based on their caseload and transmission levels, and has drawn criticism for allowing activities such as indoor dining in restaurants in all alert levels short of a lockdown.In Peel Region, the only area currently in the red category, local health officials imposed additional measures over the weekend in order to reduce the risk of transmission.But Ford defended the system Monday, saying it was built to give each region the flexibility to enact further rules, as Peel did. “That’s the reason we have the framework,” he said.Toronto, meanwhile, is remaining under a previous, more stringent system until the end of the week, at the request of local officials. The city accounted for 483 of Ontario’s new cases on Monday.Mayor John Tory said the city would likely follow in Peel Region’s footsteps and impose “an enhanced suite of measures” to stem the spread of the virus, with more details to come Tuesday.The city’s top doctor, Dr. Eileen de Villa, said the COVID-19 numbers seen over the last few days were among the “most concerning” she’s seen since the start of the pandemic.Further west, Manitoba reported 365 new COVID-19 cases Monday as it continued to lead the country in per-capita active cases.Chief public health officer Dr. Brent Roussin said the province is at a critical point in time, pointing to increased strain on the health system. Roussin said he has talked with Premier Brian Pallister about imposing further restrictions.Meanwhile, Trudeau said the federal government is already working on the logistics of distributing a COVID-19 vaccine, particularly since the Pfizer candidate needs to be stored at around -75C to remain stable.Canada has bought the rights to 20 million doses of Pfizer’s vaccine, if it proves effective and Health Canada approves it for use here, and Trudeau said the government would purchase more if the initial round goes well.The company said in a news release that early results from a large-scale trial show its vaccine is 90 per cent effective at combating the virus.This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 9, 2020.
Erin O’Toole’s recent statements recognizing the importance of private sector unions to building “strong communities” along with comments from other Conservatives have raised a few eyebrows. For some it will be dismissed as opportunistic economic nationalism. After all, we still have the rabid antiunionism of Jason Kenney in Alberta, and only a few years ago, Tim Hudak tried to get elected by floating “right-to-work” laws for Ontario, essentially turning the province into Alabama. Nevertheless, these comments need to be taken seriously and could signal a potential realignment in formal relations between large unions and political parties in Canada. Conservative politicians know that unionized workers vote for all parties, despite the official positions of union “elites.” Leaders can influence the choice of some union members, but they rarely determine elections. Unions can, however, redirect money and volunteers to campaigns, or simply withhold support from traditional allies, such as the NDP. It is not as if organized labour’s historic relationship with the federal NDP is sacrosanct. Jerry Dias, national president of Unifor, has developed a close relationship with Justin Trudeau, and Hassan Yussuff, president of the Canadian Labour Congress, has controversially endorsed Bill Morneau for Secretary General of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Conservative politicians have been supported by police unions and some construction unions for years. The reality is that if some union leaders were to realign formal support with conservative politicians, they would simply be legitimating the politics of many union members. Organized labour’s realignment with federal Conservatives is possible for two other reasons. First, is persistent populism and its current hold on workers, especially (but not only) white men. Donald Trump may have lost the U.S. presidency but economic nationalism, white supremacy, and suspicion of “elites” remain. Conservatives will continue to foster populist sentiment as labour leaders are just as vulnerable to populist politics as anyone else. Second, the timing is ideal for O’Toole given COVID-19 has transformed working lives, but unevenly so. Here, O’Toole will exploit fissures between private and public sector workers. Full-time university professors like myself have been teaching via Zoom for months now. It can be an alienating way to teach, but we have not missed a paycheque. This experience differs from those of exposed health-care workers or food retail workers stocking grocery store shelves who recently lost their extra “pandemic” pay. Most affected are workers in private sectors, such as hospitality and aviation, who have seen hours reduced or their jobs evaporate completely. There are calls from displaced private sector workers to reopen the economy, despite the recent surge in COVID-19 cases and pleas from health-care workers for restrictions. Casino workers and restaurant workers have called for reopenings. Aviation workers have organized outside of their unions with a Facebook group with over 12,000 members. The group is calling for sector support and replacement of the 14-day quarantine restrictions on cross-border travel with rapid testing at airports. Enthusiastic Conservative support for sectors, such as hospitality and aviation, will capitalize on what many see as the abandonment by the Liberals. O’Toole’s new “union recognition” is possibly more strategic than genuine. He not only needs union support to make inroads into strongholds, but if elected, he must divide labour to enable a post-COVID19 austerity agenda. The Conservative agenda will include deficit reduction, low taxation, and private sector solutions over taxing the wealthy and making necessary investments in public infrastructure. The Conservative playbook is to challenge public sector workers (predominantly women) and demand that they now do “their part” and accept rollbacks as the private sector recovers with the aid of tax cuts and subsidies. Unions leaders see this strategy clearly, but it does not mean they will all resist it. For some, reducing unionism to its “business” functions and abandoning the hard work of anti-racist and equity education with members necessary to build power is tempting. Accepting the Conservative’s minor compromise to recognize the right of unions to exist may be all that is required for some union leaders to flirt openly with O’Toole and Ford in the absence of a significantly “better offer” from the other parties. It may very well be left up to public sector unions and social movements, such as Fight for $15 and immigrant workers rights groups, to push back against this potential realignment. In the short term, however, we may very well see a few more Conservative politicians wearing union jackets.
Doug Ford was once one of the more prominent backers of Donald Trump in Canadian politics.Now, the Ontario premier can’t wait to see the back of the defeated U.S. president, who lost last week’s election to former vice-president Joe Biden.“I want to congratulate president-elect Biden and I look forward to working with anyone who has the best interests of Canadians and Ontarians at heart,” Ford told reporters Monday in Woodbridge.“It was a real slap in the face when President Trump cut us off to the PPEs,” the premier said of a threatened embargo last April on key personal protective equipment, like 3M N95 masks, at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic.“I don’t care if you’re Republican or Democrat. We expect a good relationship and really focus on the economics. Ontario alone is United States’ third-largest trading partner in the world,” said Ford, who also railed against Trump’s trade-war salvos last summer.“We need to be treated like the third-largest trading partner in the world. I don’t expect any tariffs and aluminum tariffs and anything else. Let’s work together.”Trump’s July warning that he was considering levies on Canadian aluminum would have hurt Ontario companies.“Full disclosure: I love the people in the U.S. We’re very fortunate to have a great country beside us and I just want the people of Canada, Ontario, to get the same respect from American leadership that we give,” said Ford, who ran a division of his family’s label business in Chicago for many years.“If someone comes after our country, someone comes after our province, I’m going to go after them like a lion. What I want is a mutually rewarding relationship between ourselves and the U.S.”Ford has had a decided change of heart on Trump since his Progressive Conservatives took office in June 2018.In November 2016, he told there was “not a doubt in my mind” he would voted for Trump, whose sloganeering populism echoed the rhetoric of his so-called Ford Nation base.Less than a year and a half later, , Ford suggested Trump’s shtick may have been inspired by his family, including his late brother, Rob Ford, the controversial former Toronto mayor.“We were around a lot longer than Donald Trump. And as much as the media’s trying to play on this, people realize the Fords have been in public service for 25 years helping people and ... there’s not even a comparison,” he said.But Trump’s erratic response to the pandemic finally soured the premier on the president.In September, during a wide-ranging discussion at the Ryerson Democracy Forum hosted by Star columnist Martin Regg Cohn, Ford reminded the audience how Canadians rallied to help Americans after the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.“I still can’t get over it. Yes, he’s not on my Christmas card list. I’m ticked off at him,” he said of the president.When a Ryerson student suggested Ford was like Trump, the premier snickered. “Boy, that was a real slap calling me Donald Trump. I’m anything but Donald Trump,” he said.On Monday, Ford — who has worked closely with Michigan’s Democratic Gov. Gretchen Whitmer and her Republican predecessor, Rick Snyder, both of whom endorsed Biden — said he is hopeful relations with the U.S. improve under the new president.“Let’s work together. It’s going to be beneficial for all sides of the border.”
As stock markets around the world soared on news that a  vaccine is getting closer, outgoing Air Canada CEO Calin Rovinescu said air travel won’t return to pre-pandemic levels until as late as 2025.The note of caution — which Rovinescu has sounded before — came after the airline reported a third-quarter loss of $685 million Monday, and said flight capacity will be down 75 per cent in the fourth quarter compared to a year ago.“It’s going to be three to five years in terms of getting back to 2019 levels,” said Rovinescu, in his second-last earnings call before he hands over the reins to deputy CEO Michael Rousseau next February.Air Canada’s shares shot up $4.53 to $20.35 in Monday trading, a gain of more than 28 per cent on the day, following stock market trends around the world, as pharmacy giant Pfizer announced a COVID-19 vaccine trial had been 90 per cent effective.The hefty quarterly loss comes as the federal government gets ready to offer a COVID-19 aid package to the airline industry, something Air Canada — as well as other airlines including WestJet and Porter — had been seeking. But at least one industry watcher says an air industry relief package risks undercutting other government pandemic programs, including the .Rovinescu cited a report from the International Air Transport Association that said governments around the world have spent $160 billion (U.S.) helping the air industry.On Sunday, federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau said the government is ready to start negotiations with the airline industry on an aid package including loans, but is looking for airlines to reinstate routes that were eliminated during the global pandemic.Garneau said that as a condition of the aid, the government wants airlines to issue refunds to passengers whose flights were cancelled because of the pandemic. Garneau’s statement implied the government would also be pushing airlines to reinstate routes that had been suspended during COVID-19.“Before we spend one penny of taxpayer money on airlines, we will ensure Canadians get their refunds. Regional connectivity is important to Canadians travelling now and in the future. We will ensure Canadians and regional communities retain air connections to the rest of Canada, and that Canadian air carriers maintain their status as key customers of Canada’s aerospace industry,” Garneau said.But Garneau’s statement made at least one long-time industry watcher nervous. Paul Boothe, former director of the Lawrence National Centre for Policy and Management at Ivey School of Business, says Air Canada simply doesn’t need the money.“It’s very clear that Air Canada has access to private capital markets. So all they’re doing now is looking for financing at better terms,” said Boothe, pointing to the $6 billion in financing the airline said it has raised since March.As senior associate deputy minister of industry, Boothe helped the federal government negotiate the bailout of the auto industry during the 2008-09 financial crisis. While the entire travel industry has taken a body blow from COVID-19, there’s one crucial difference with the auto industry bailout, Boothe said.“At that point, the private market wasn’t lending to anybody. It had completely dried up. That’s not what’s happening now,” Boothe said.Boothe suggested the airlines aren’t having an existential crisis as much as they just don’t like the rates they’re being offered by their private lenders, or the LEEFF program. LEEFF, which offers large companies five-year loans of at least $60 million, comes with a first-year rate of five per cent, escalating to eight per cent in the second year, and an additional two per cent in each following year. There are also other restrictions companies wouldn’t find attractive, including a ban on dividends and share buybacks while accepting LEEFF money.“LEEFF already exists. So clearly airlines are looking for better terms than what LEEFF provides. I think they’d want a better rate, and fewer restrictions,” said Boothe.Caving in to those demands in any aid package, said Boothe, risks undercutting the LEEFF program.“They’d be completely destroying the LEEFF program, because any company which has borrowed through LEEFF or looking at it, would ask for the same terms airlines are getting. Why wouldn’t they?” Boothe said.In a research note to clients, RBC Capital Markets analyst Walter Spracklen says Air Canada’s balance sheet is in good shape to get through COVID-19.“Overall, while liquidity now sits at $8.2 billion ... we continue to view AC as sufficiently funded to weather the pandemic,” said Spracklen, who has a “negative” rating on Air Canada. While Rovinescu said he was “cautiously optimistic” about a trial by pharmaceutical giant Pfizer that found a COVID-19 vaccine had been 90 per cent effective, he noted it’s not an instant cure for the travel industry’s problems. Among the obstacles to recovery? Adequate distribution of an effective vaccine, as well as work and travel habits that have changed during the pandemic.“When does demand return?” Rovinescu asked, noting that video calls have replaced many face-to-face meetings during the pandemic that were formerly the bread and butter of business travel.
With its long-awaited 2020 budget last Thursday, Premier Doug Ford’s government delivered bad fiscal news. The deficit this year is at an all-time high, and the government plans to add $100 billion to the provincial debt in the next three years. While news coverage has focused on pandemic spending measures, the real story of Ontario’s deficits is that tax revenue has declined sharply this year and will stay low for several years. And so, Ontario’s net debt will rise to $473 billion by 2022-23, or almost one-half of its GDP.Governments have no choice but to take on debt during the current crisis. But there are reasons why Queen’s Park needs to be more cautious on debt than the federal government does.For one thing, Ontario faces rising health-care costs in future, which will only add to the problem. Secondly, Ontario pays higher interest rates than the federal government, making deficit financing more costly. Thirdly, unlike the federal government, Ontario can’t print money or devalue a currency if a debt crisis does emerge in future. Ontario’s debt problem is not new, and it won’t pass when the pandemic ends. In the last 30 years, it has added $300 billion to its debt — dwarfing the new borrowing now planned. Ontario has a long-term fiscal imbalance, with revenues below spending year after year. This is not sustainable. Sooner or later, Ontario will have to deal with its problem. Either spending growth must fall, or revenues must rise.But Ontario is no big spender. In fact, its spending per resident is the lowest in the country. Reducing it further might not be in the interests of residents, and it would almost surely come at a high political cost. Ontario’s per capita revenues are among the lowest in the country too. The gap is so large that the minor tax changes of previous years are insufficient. Fixing the problem may require a broad-based increase in taxes paid by ordinary Ontarians.For lessons on how to change course, Ontarians need look no further than across the Ottawa River. A decade ago, Quebec was the fiscal invalid of Canadian federalism, with the highest provincial debt as a share of its economy. Since then, the province’s fiscal balance has improved every year, and it has actually been paying down its debt since 2014. Today, its fiscal situation is healthier than Ontario’s.Why the turnaround? It’s not that Quebec has been much more frugal than Ontario. Both provinces have been reasonably successful at controlling spending growth since the 2008 recession. The biggest difference is on the revenue side. Since 2005, while Quebec’s revenues per capita have grown by 34 per cent, almost twice the growth rate in Ontario. In 2018-19, Quebec collected $14,895 in revenues per capita, about 50 per cent more than Ontario. That’s huge.Quebec collects more revenue across the board despite average incomes in Quebec remaining below Ontario levels. Quebecers pay about 10 per cent more income taxes than Ontarians, especially at middle incomes. Quebecers pay higher payroll taxes too.Quebecers also pay about 10 per cent more in sales taxes than Ontarians, and its tax rate is now nearly 10 per cent compared to 8 per cent in Ontario. Quebec also collects substantial revenues from its hydroelectric power sector. Sadly, that option is not available to Ontario. By law, Quebec devotes a portion of its revenues each year to debt reduction. Governments of all political parties from 2006 to the current crisis remained committed to that plan, despite the inevitable political costs from higher taxes and spending restraints.Of course, part of Quebec’s higher revenues come from its federal equalization grants too, which Ontario does not receive. But that explains only about one third of the gap between the provinces today. The main difference is higher “tax effort” in Quebec. It won’t be easy for the Ford government or its successors to achieve savings on either the revenue or expenditure side of the ledger. However, Quebec’s experience with fiscal consolidation shows that where there is a will there is indeed perhaps a way. Will Ontario find that will? That we will see.
Negasi, a young man in his 20s, came to Europe in a boat over the Mediterranean from Ethiopia by way of Sudan, Chad and Libya.From the moment he landed in Germany to seek asylum seven years ago, his every move across the European Union has been traceable, thanks to the fingerprints he gave. “How can I say no when the police handcuffed me, brought me to the station and forced me to give them my fingerprints?” asked Negasi, whose biometrics are saved in the European Asylum Dactyloscopy Database, shared by all EU member countries.He has been in Belgium for two years, with restricted mobility. He must be careful not to get on the radar of authorities or risk being removed to Germany.“I am tired and I want to go to the U.K.,” said Negasi, adding he knows of people who have burned their fingerprints off to avoid detection.Negasi’s story is laid out in a report on the use of artificial intelligence technology in migration management — from lie detectors and facial recognition at borders; to automated drones surveilling the seas; to invasive biosurveillance measures in refugee camps. The report makes plain the imbalance of power between asylum seekers and states wielding AI tech that can increasingly decide people’s fate without offering them any recourse. “Technologies such as automated decision-making, biometrics and unpiloted drones are increasingly controlling migration and affecting millions of people on the move,” said the report, , which was released Monday.“This allure of using technological interventions at and around the border highlights the very real impacts on people’s lives, exacerbated by a lack of meaningful governance and oversight mechanisms of these technological experiments.”Supported by The Mozilla Foundation and the Promise Institute for Human Rights at UCLA, report author Petra Molnar spent a year researching the use of AI in migration and interviewing migrants in Belgium and Greece, as well as civil society organizations, government representatives and academics.“AI technologies intended to manage migration frequently make it more arbitrary, unjust, discriminatory and invasive. People on the move, an already vulnerable group, are routinely having their rights violated by these technologies,” said Molnar, a Toronto human rights lawyer and Mozilla fellow.“The AI deployed at borders is often inscrutable and unaccountable. It functions as a black box, with no insight into how or why it makes life-altering decisions. And people crossing borders often have no way to appeal these decisions.”Among the key findings of her research:“Various international organizations are using Big Data, or extremely large data sets, to predict population movements. However, data collection is not an apolitical exercise,” said the report.“In an increasingly anti-immigrant global landscape, migration data has also been misrepresented for political ends, to affect the distribution of aid dollars and resources, and support hardline anti-immigration policies.”In 2019, World Food Programme signed a $60-million Cdn deal with Palantir Technologies, which recently joined the EU lobby register and has been criticized for providing technology that supports the detention and deportation programs in the United States.The report says it remains unclear what exactly will happen with the data of 92 million aid recipients shared with the firm or what data-accountability mechanisms are in place during this partnership and whether the people affected can refuse to have their data shared.Governments are also increasingly using people’s electronic devices as verification tools. In Austria, Germany, Denmark, Norway, the United Kingdom and Belgium, laws allow for the seizure of mobile phones from asylum and migration applicants. The data is then extracted and used as part of asylum procedures.“This practice is enabled with the use of mobile extraction tools, which allow an individual to download key data from a smartphone, including contacts, call data, text messages, stored files, location information and more,” the report warned.The coronavirus pandemic has made the use of AI even more pervasive as more states move toward bio-surveillance tracking, automated drones and other types of technologies such as virus-killing robots, COVID-19 contact-tracing cellphone tracking and artificially intelligent thermal cameras to monitor the spread of the virus.“We need a sharper focus on oversight mechanisms grounded in fundamental human rights, mechanisms that recognize the very real risks and harms of technologies used to manage migration, often at the expense of human rights and human lives,” Molnar said.Back in the “squat” near a major train station in Brussels where Molnar met with the 30-plus African migrants, Negasi was still looking for a passage across the English channel, whether by boat or on the back of a truck.
Mikael Kingsbury is prepared for a moguls season that’s subject to change.The reigning Olympic and world champion’s goal in 2020-21 is continued international domination, if a season can go ahead amid the COVID-19 pandemic.Not only is Kingsbury chasing a 10th straight World Cup crown in men’s moguls, the 28-year-old from Deux-Montagnes, Que., aims to defend his world title at the 2022 Olympic venue in February. He’s already facing alterations to the upcoming season. A World Cup scheduled for Jan. 23 in Mont-Tremblant, Que., was moved, pending approval, to Calgary to double up with a Jan. 30 event at Canada Olympic Park.The season finale March 13-14 in Krasnoyarsk, Russia, was cancelled.“We’re going to get a lot of curveballs and you’ve got to be ready for the unexpected,” Kingsbury told The Canadian Press on Monday.“I try to not think too far ahead and telling myself that we’re going to have a full season and all the events going to happen. I know we’re going to have less of them this year, so every event is going to count a lot.“I’m kind of disappointed for sure that my home event in Mont-Tremblant got cancelled, but it got changed to two World Cups in Calgary, which is a course where I’ve always done well in the past.”Kingsbury owns 63 career World Cup victories in 109 starts. He’s stood on the podium a career 91 times.He claimed Olympic gold in 2018 four years after taking silver behind Canadian teammate Alex Bilodeau.Kingsbury heads to Ruka, Finland, next week to prepare for the season-opening World Cup there Dec. 4-5. He’ll return to Canada and quarantine after competing in a pair of moguls Dec. 11-13 in Idre Fjall, Sweden.Kingsbury would then have time to get on snow in Canada ahead of Calgary’s World Cups, if public health officials give those events the green light.A World Cup in Deer Valley, Utah, then precedes the world freestyle and snowboard championships Feb. 18-28 at Beijing’s venues for the 2022 Winter Games.Kingsbury would like to arrive in China with a 10th crystal globe secured.“Yes, my goal is to win 10 in a row,” Kingsbury said. “Now that I know that I have three races before Christmas, there’s 300 points to go get, and I’ve got to be the closest to the 300 points possible. “That would put me in a good position after Christmas for whatever events we have.”Kingsbury spent less off-season time on snow because of the pandemic. The Whistler-Blackcomb glacier in B.C. was closed this summer and he didn’t travel to Australia as he normally would.He got three weeks of pre-season skiing done in Zermatt, Switzerland, in October. Kingsbury is working out at home in preparation for his departure for Finland next week.“I knew I was going to be home a lot,” he said. “I’m going to try to be in the best shape as I can to make sure that when I’m on snow, I put myself in the best position to get back to the level that I want to be.“The little break felt very good for me. I think my body needed that. It was the first time in 13 years I had a break of six months without skiing. I was super-motivated to go to Switzerland. It actually took me way less time than I thought to get back to the level I wanted.”The only freestyle skier in history with more career World Cup victories is Conny Kissling, a Swiss woman who earned 106 between 1981 and 1992 across various disciplines including moguls.Kingsbury will donate $500 for each of his wins this season to The Breakfast Club of Canada, which provides breakfasts at almost 1,900 schools across Canada.This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 9, 2020.
After eight long pandemic months, the prime minister called it a “light at the end of the tunnel,” while the head of a pharmaceutical giant hailed “a great day for science.”Early results from Pfizer Inc.’s potential COVID-19 vaccine, hinting at as much as 90 per cent immunity, are being heralded around the world as one of the first major confirmations of global hopes that a vaccine will be possible, maybe in a matter of months. There are significant caveats. The results, splashed online in a news release early Monday, have yet to be reviewed by the larger scientific community, and no one knows yet how long immunity created by the potential vaccine might last.Still, hope has been ignited. “It kind of switched me over from theoretical optimism to just optimism,” said Dr. Lynora Saxinger, an associate professor and infectious disease expert at the University of Alberta. “There have been good early signs from many other vaccine trials, but this is a larger data set with more results in more people. It is looking very good.”Teams around the world have worked furiously for months on what would be a brand new vaccine, but Monday’s result put Pfizer, alongside German partner company BioNTech, long considered front-runners, solidly in the lead.“With today’s news, we are a significant step closer to providing people around the world with a much-needed breakthrough to help bring an end to this global health crisis,” Dr. Albert Bourla, Pfizer Chairman and CEO, said in a release.So while the news is exciting, much work remains before Canadians get ready to roll up their sleeves.Here’s what you need to know.Not really. While these results are promising, they’re just an early look at the results of the last stage of human testing. That testing has to finish — then the scientists at Health Canada have to go through everything and decide whether to approve it or not. Speaking to reporters Monday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he hopes to see vaccines “landing in the early next year.”Despite chatter in the United States about whether a vaccine would be ready before the election, Canadian officials have long held that early next year is their best-case scenario. Some Canadians likely will, but not all of us.Right now, Canada is entitled to 20 million doses of Pfizer’s vaccine — and each person would require two shots. There are 37.59 million people in Canada. Of note, the government said last month that negotiations for options for additional Pfizer doses were ongoing.Pfizer’s is just one of the seven potential vaccines for which Canada has locked down advance purchase agreements, spending somewhere in the neighbourhood of $1 billion in total to secure access to more than 300 million vaccine doses, assuming all the front-runner vaccines are approved.While the details of those individual contacts have been kept under wraps — government officials say the market is too competitive to tip their hands just yet — Trudeau said Monday that vaccines could be ready as soon as early next year.Assuming that the supply of vaccines will be scarce, at least at first, ahas recommended that seniors, those at high risk and front-line workers be prioritized in the first round of vaccinations.It comes down to fairly basic math.Pfizer began Phase 3, or the final stage of human testing, in late July. It enrolled more than 43,000 volunteers from around the world and gave half of them a vaccine candidate and the other half a placebo.The participants then went about their daily lives and, eventually, 94 of them got COVID-19. The effectiveness of the vaccine was measured by comparing the number of infected people who had been immunized with the number who hadn’t.“If they hit 94 cases and the vaccine is really 90 per cent effective, the simple math says there was less than nine cases in the vaccinated group and 85 cases in the placebo group,” explains Alan Bernstein, president and CEO of CIFAR, a Canadian-based global research organization, and a member of Canada’s COVID-19 Vaccine Task Force.“So 85 versus nine. That’s obviously a statistically significant result.”According to the study design, researchers plan to continue until they have 164 cases of COVID-19, which they expect will happen by the third week of November.Thanks to a pandemic that has put most of the globe at risk, research on products related to COVID-19 is hurtling along, which is mostly good, but that has exacerbated what’s been termed “science by press release.”To wit, Monday’s news came in the form of a news release, and not a scientific paper, as it might have in less urgent times.It’s understandable that people would want to know these results as soon as possible, but it’s critical that companies still face the scrutiny of the scientific community, Bernstein notes. “It’s important that it be subject to peer review and that the data be solid, so we don’t get our hopes up falsely,” said Bernstein, who, as a member of the task force, helped advise the government on which vaccines to buy — a list that included the Pfizer candidate.Additionally, no one knows yet how long immunity will last, which is a question we may not even be able to answer at this point.“When a kid gets a polio vaccine, they’re protected pretty well for life. So will that be true for this one? Or will we need booster shots every three months, once a year, every five years? We don’t know.”The vaccine candidate is the product of a partnership between Pfizer, one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, and BioNTech, a German biotechnology company that was founded a decade ago to develop new cancer treatments but has pivoted to COVID-19.The candidate has been tested in thousands of people in seven different trials spread across seven different countries.The Pfizer dose is “not the world’s easiest vaccine,” as Saxinger puts it.It requires more than one dose and has slightly more average side-effects — think a sore arm — than some of the others. (Pfizer says no serious safety concerns have been observed.)As an RNA vaccine, it has to be stored at very cold temperatures, which is going to make it a challenge to distribute. All of that said, it seems to be far outstripping the global goal of a vaccine that is 50 per cent effective.Pfizer says it’s already gearing up to apply for emergency use authorization to the American Food and Drug Administration as soon as testing is complete.This is the process the U.S. has used to speed up new drugs and treatments for COVID-19 — it’s basically a loophole that allows American officials to put things on the market that haven’t been fully tested by justifying the need for quick action during a public emergency. According to the , the U.S. has already granted more than 300 emergency use-authorizations for products related to COVID-19. However, this is generally not how Canada operates. Instead, in order to speed up COVID-19 treatments, the minister of health signed a  last month that allows Health Canada to prioritize applications related to COVID-19.For example, it allows companies to allow for regulatory approval before testing is complete, so that government scientists can review their data as they go. “Health Canada will have a look at it towards the end of this month or December, I imagine,” Bernstein said. “Then they will either call for more data, or more analysis of the existing data or give it some kind of interim approval.”A lot of researchers are likely breathing a sigh of relief because Monday’s results are a vote of confidence for a couple of new vaccine-making strategies.There may be a lot of ways to make a vaccine, but many of the leading contenders have one thing in common — they’re trying to trick the body into fighting coronavirus by teaching it to recognize the virus’s distinctive spike protein.Think of the now-classic picture of a coronavirus — it’s an orb with a bunch of bits sticking out, otherwise known as spike proteins. Those are the arms by which the virus attaches to human cells, so, the thinking goes, if your body attacks those, you destroy its chance to infect you. Pfizer’s results suggest that may be a winning strategy. “The spike protein is a good target. We’ve learned that today,” Bernstein said. The second takeaway for experts is that the new vaccine technology that uses RNA — essentially tiny recipes that prompt your body to make little coronavirus proteins that teach your immune system to fight off future attacks — may work after all.The technology has long been considered promising because of, among other things, how quickly you can make a vaccine, but there has never been one approved for human use.“I think today is an important day for science and for humanity,” Bernstein said. Not by a long shot. Pfizer still has to be approved by Health Canada and, regardless, most experts maintain there is still an advantage to having a wide range of vaccines available.Bernstein notes that was the whole strategy used by the Vaccine Task Force to begin with.“It is actually very difficult to scale up the number of doses needed. Like, if you think about it, we’re trying to vaccinate essentially everyone, and vaccine manufacturing capacity has got certain limits,” Saxinger said. “The more different types of vaccines that we have, the more different ways and places they can be manufactured, the better,” she said.
For “Dr.” Charles McVety, the good Lord and Doug Ford can always be counted on.But who, if anyone, will hold McVety to account?The strange saga of the preacher and the premier has raised uncomfortable questions about McVety’s Canada Christian College — not only his , but also the mysterious financial arrangements he and his son Ryan appear to have benefited from. McVety refused to answer key questions posed by the Toronto Star (in consultation with a forensic accountant) about six-figure loans to him and his son from the registered charity they run as president and vice-president.Those unanswered questions about unsecured borrowings raise the bigger question of whether our governmental authorities will demand a full accounting. The alternative is for the premier to keep taking leaps of faith — giving his blessings to this fledgling college as it campaigns to be born again as a full-fledged university.Despite its dubious diplomas, Ford’s Tories want to accredit the discredited campus so that it can issue coveted BA and BSc degrees — pushing through highly controversial legislation even before the application has been fully evaluated. Notwithstanding McVety’s homophobic and Islamophobic pronouncements, the premier keeps proclaiming himself a faithful friend.Facing public pressure, the Progressive Conservative government belatedly announced it would await an independent panel before taking the final step to confer upgraded university status. But why did Ford leapfrog the legal process in the first place, relying on peculiar procedures that lacked transparency from start to finish?McVety’s crusade to rechristen his college as a university — years after its degree-granting powers were first reined in by provincial authorities — has thrown a spotlight on operations long concealed from public view. Thanks to an accidental online disclosure, we now know far more about the finances of Canada Christian College (CCC) than McVety ever wanted revealed or divined.Detailed financial information submitted to the Postsecondary Education Quality Assessment Board (PEQAB) was briefly posted on its website — then hurriedly taken down amid sharp protests from McVety’s lawyer over the awkward revelations. New Democratic Party researchers , prompting MPPs to ask pointed questions in the legislature about how charitable funds are being used or misused to buy “toys” such as jet skis and vehicles enjoyed by the McVetys.When I sent detailed questions to McVety asking about the full extent of his borrowings, his lawyer Julian Porter requested two days to formulate a formal reply on his behalf. When Porter’s 102-word email finally landed, it left more questions than answers — and the implication that McVety believes himself answerable only to government authorities, not the general public:“The college, in its application, gave financial information under the promised terms that it would remain confidential. Any such information was improperly posted.”But these were responses to questions I had not asked.Regarding the detailed list of questions that I submitted on the college’s finances and McVety’s borrowings, Porter declined to provide any information, saying only:“The college will provide answers concerning its financial statements to an appropriate authority when requested.”But not before.Who will protect the interests of CCC students to ensure they are getting a quality education for the tuition they pay, and the provincial loans they take on — loans subsidized by all taxpayers? Who will safeguard the financial interests of those who donate to the registered charity run by McVety, contributions that are eligible for tax deductions — deductions subsidized, in turn, by all taxpayers?In total, Charles McVety and his son Ryan owed the college — a registered charity — $860,000 at the end of 2019, according to  that was briefly posted online.(Charles McVety owed $597,542 in 2018 with $555,536 outstanding last year. Ryan McVety borrowed $280,000 to relocate to Whitby; he still owed $172,360 on that loan in December 2019, with a separate $132,845 loan also on the books.)The lack of detailed information raises important questions for a charitable organization, according to forensic accountant Charles Smedmor, who examined the figures released by PEQAB (and also the college’s annual filings to the Canada Revenue Agency).McVety’s college “is a registered charity with a special duty to properly care for funds received,” Smedmor told me. “The notes to the 2019 college financials (posted by PEQAB) show that the loans to the McVetys are unsecured. Although bearing interest, the rate is not disclosed.”The bottom line, according to the forensic accountant: “There may be limited protection for the college’s money as its hard cash has been converted into unsecured advances.”The charity’s most recent filing for 2019 was posted by the  from the Toronto Star (Porter refused to share it with me): New information shows $1.07 million in “amounts receivable from non-arm’s length persons” (such as money still owed by the McVetys or others for their loans) has increased steadily in recent years — up 17.5 per cent from $912,803 the year before, and more than double the $513,898 at the end of 2015.Hence my questions to Canada Christian College: What are the precise terms and interest rates for all loans (to ensure the charity is fully and fairly repaid by directors like the McVetys who — as father and son, president and vice-president — are not at “arm’s length”)?Is there any collateral for the loans? Have the McVetys provided personal guarantees? Did they agree to take out life insurance policies that clearly specify the charity as a beneficiary to ensure the loans are fully repaid in case of death?The blanket reply to all those questions was that the college would only answer to “an appropriate authority when requested.”(In a  following the NDP’s disclosuresMcVety described the peculiarly complex lending arrangement: “As president, Charles McVety’s salary is set at $200,000 per year. However, he was only paid a salary of approximately $50,000 per year. All other benefits, including housing and car allowances, were set up as loans with interest. Dr. Charles McVety began repaying them two years ago in an audited agreement with the college. Ryan McVety’s salary is set at $150,000 per year and he was only paid a salary of approximately $60,000. All other benefits, including housing and car allowances for him were set up as loans with interest as well. All loans in this regard have been reviewed and audited by independent chartered professional accountants each year.”)Who are the independent chartered professional accountants that McVety says “reviewed and audited” the loans — and did they raise any comments or concerns (to protect the charity’s financial position)? Again, Porter wouldn’t respond when I asked.Instead, he offered this irrelevant (and inaccurate) statement: “You are aware that Canada Christian College does not receive any government money.”In fact, the college received $225,987 in through this year’s Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy, according to its own financial submission.The outstanding questions about Canada Christian College are not just financial and pedagogical but moral. Is it an upstanding educational institution in good financial standing guided by unimpeachable leadership?As president, McVety has  as “a dagger in the heart of man,” decried sex education as a “militant homosexual agenda,” and preached that “homosexuals prey on children.” He has publicly warned that “Islam is not just a religion, it’s a … mandate for a hostile takeover.”Beyond the , issuing a media statement last week demonizing his NDP critics while defying credulity: “As it has been stated by many people at many times, the NDP hates Christians.”In fact, Christian believers have long been influential NDP voices spreading the gospel and preaching to the converted — clerics such as former MPs J.S. Woodsworth, Tommy Douglas, Stanley Knowles, Bill Blaikie, Dan Heap and more recently ex-MPP Cheri DiNovo. Whatever some might think of NDP ideology, idolatry is not party policy.While damning the NDP, McVety keeps singing the praises of the Progressive Conservative premier, which may be why Ford feels so conflicted. In early 2018, Ford won McVety’s support during the PC leadership race by vowing to review Ontario’s updated sex-ed curriculum, and later that year he was a guest of honour at a special Christmas celebration organized by McVety.“I am so proud to be here,” Ford told the admiring crowd from Canada Christian College.Not everyone is so enamoured of McVety’s handiwork.As , the College of Registered Psychotherapists of Ontario (CRPO) has repeatedly turned down applicants who rely on degrees from McVety’s school, finding “reasonable grounds for doubting the quality of education provided to students at Canada Christian College.” In another ruling, a regulatory panel was also “concerned about the discrepancies that appeared in both the bachelor’s and master’s degrees transcripts from Canada Christian College.”As for “Dr.” Charles McVety, his doctoral honorific — widely questioned — has been removed from some (but not all) of his website, which lists him as president and “Professor of Systematic Theology.” A , a Christian website, disclosed that “McVety received his doctorate from California State Christian University,” noting it is not recognized by U.S. accrediting agencies (the school’s website comes and goes from the internet).All of which raises key questions:Is Canada Christian College truly qualified to be upgraded to university status, issuing BA and BSc degrees (despite its president’s doubts about evolution)? More to the point, do government authorities have the wherewithal to scrutinize the college, the will to safeguard students, the determination to protect donors, and the ability to defend the public interest?Is such an institution, led by so invidious an individual, fit to mold young Christian minds in a college setting, let alone as a university accredited by the province of Ontario? Is this who we are, and who we want our young graduates to be?Those are not questions to be answered solely by the McVetys. Nor do these questions lie with the good Lord, for Doug Ford alone is answerable — and accountable — for decisions that rest with governmental authorities.
Port Perry High School, just outside of Whitby, was evacuated after receiving bomb threats on Monday afternoon.Durham regional police said nearby schools in the area, including R.H. Cornish Public School, were put into hold and secure — with no one being permitted to enter or leave — as a precaution. Those measures have now been lifted, police said.Police will continue investigating. 
A popular chain of Toronto-area eateries is among the latest victims of the  restaurant industry now facing an existential crisis unlike any other seen in our lifetime.Hospitality sector standouts King Street Food Company, which operates brands such as , Jacobs & Co. Steakhouse and Jamie’s Italian, have filed for insolvency.The company which once boasted a string of trendy eateries including restaurants in popular locations such as the Yorkdale mall is now in the throes of cooking up a plan to satisfy its creditors, according to a statement King Street Food shared with the Star Monday afternoon.“Alongside the entire hospitality sector, the COVID-19 Pandemic has put us in an extremely difficult situation that was beyond our control,” said Peter Tsebelis, managing director & partner of King Street Company Inc. The company confirmed Monday that it “obtained relief under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (to) restructure its businesses and financial affairs, as a direct result of the COVID-19 crisis.”In a ruling made by the Ontario Superior Court of Justice on Friday, insolvency trustee MNP Ltd. was appointed as monitor of King Street Food’s CCAA proceedings.“This was an emotional decision for us but we are confident that the CCAA process will give us time to stabilize our business and ultimately put us in a stronger position to build on our successful brands as we emerge from the COVID crisis,” said Tsebelis, one of the founding partners of the brand.Conceived in 2006, the brand bloomed with a portfolio of eats including Buca Osteria & Enoteca, Bar Buca, Buca Osteria & Bar in Toronto’s Four Seasons development, French-inspired La Banane and the CXBO chocolate shop.Now facing an uncertain future as it’s thrown into a phase of “restructuring and recapitalization,” the statement says, the board of directors sought relief under the act in a last-ditch effort to create “breathing room” to continue the development of plans for reopenings as well as new openings.The financial slump blamed on the virus and new public-health rules in response outbreak has ravaged all aspects of the hospitality industry. Its impact comes in wake of King Street Food marking the tenth anniversary of its first Buca restaurant in Toronto’s King West community. Pre-pandemic there were also talks of expansion, all of which have been put on hold.Provincially ordered restrictions on dining forced restaurants to temporarily close dine-in service, with a limited number of King Street Food eateries offering a scaled-back takeout and delivery service. Before last month’s closures of indoor service in Toronto, “the company was actively preparing for a gradual reopening of select venues,” the release states.If dining restrictions are relaxed in Toronto, come Nov. 14, King Street Food is standing by its plan to reopen certain restaurants including Jacobs & Co. Steakhouse, La Banane and select Buca restaurants for indoor/outdoor dining.
Cases of  are soaring in Ontario, prompting epidemiologists to plead with the public to adhere to local public-health guidelines.For the fourth straight day, Ontario recorded more than 1,000 new infections Monday, with 1,242 cases reported, following Sunday’s record-breaking count of 1,328 new cases, 1,132 on Saturday and 1,003 on Friday. Cases in the province were expected to peak in the next couple of weeks and then fall by January, according to models by the University of Waterloo on the spread of the virus, which were based in part on the last round of government restrictions.But Chris Bauch, a professor of applied mathematics at the university, says the province’s new colour-coded framework means cases will continue to rise.The framework allows for a 10 per cent positivity rate before a regional health unit is in the red, or “control,” classification — which calls for some restrictions that are less stringent than the ones in place now.“That (positivity rate) is much more lax than the scenario we used in our modelling scenarios,” said Bauch. The current positivity rate in the province is around four per cent.Bauch has been studying projections on the spread of COVID as part of a model that looks at the most effective ways to deliver a vaccine, looking at a January or July delivery date.In the meantime, “we’re headed toward a need to shut down,” said Colin Furness, an infection control epidemiologist at the University of Toronto. “I have no idea what Doug Ford is going to do, but I can tell you once our hospitals are full and doctors are approaching the point of having to decide who gets to live and die, we’re heading there.”Here we provide a roundup in chart form of where we stand case-wise and where we might be heading as the second wave continues to grow, along with expert commentary.Toronto, Peel, York and Ottawa continue to drive the growing second wave, despite new provincial  introduced last week designed to help public health units decide when to tighten or loosen restrictions. Of Ontario’s 1,242 new cases reported Monday, 76 per cent of them were in these four hot spots.One of hardest hit regions in Ontario, if not the country, Peel is imposing additional restrictions that Dr. Lawrence Loh, the region’s medical officer of health, hopes will burn out the area’s current chains of transmission.The region had a record 417 cases on Monday, according to the Star’s database of cases reported by local public health units. Loh said a “deteriorating picture” of COVID-19 in Peel led to the added controls, which are above and beyond the restrictions required by the province under the region’s red, or “control” classification.The region is banning wedding receptions until the new year as well as all other social gatherings, such as birthday or retirement parties, in business establishments for a minimum two-week period that starts on Nov. 13.Loh said dozens of weddings have led to outbreaks, including one in York Region that saw 33 residents infected, and other large gatherings have been another source of spread. Residents are also being asked to dine out in restaurants only with family members.But he said “the reality is I would focus less on settings at this point in time and really focus on trying to limit the in-person interactions outside of your household.”The region is also asking residents to restrict visitors in their homes to essential caregivers or to a person who lives alone, but the recommendation is not a requirement and it won’t be enforced, said Loh, unlike the other directives that pertain to large gatherings.“As our cases grow, as our hospital picture becomes more and more dire, we just need people to really do their part, take this seriously over the next two to four weeks so the province doesn’t move us into a further stage of their categories,” said Loh, acknowledging how difficult the year has been for residents.In Toronto, which reported a single-day record Monday of 504 new cases, the city’s medical officer of health Dr. Eileen De Villa warned that despite positive news about a possible vaccine, “we have a very long way to go” before we can rely on any vaccine to protect us. She noted that in just three days, the city has reported 1,350 confirmed cases of COVID-19.“These case count numbers are the most concerning I’ve seen here in Toronto since the pandemic started,” she said during a press conference. “The case counts in Toronto do not point us toward fewer restrictions on our ability to come in contact with each other.”She said the numbers are a “clear warning to us all” and urged members of the public to protect themselves as best they can. “In the simplest terms that means when it comes to coming into contact with people, don’t do what you don’t have to, and don’t see who you don’t have to,” she said. On Nov. 14, Toronto is expected to move into an orange or “restrict” category; staying there requires fewer than 100 cases per 100,000 and a positivity rate below 10 per cent. (Fewer than 40 cases per 100,000, or positivity of less than 2.5 per cent, would put a community in the less-stringent yellow, or “protect,” classification.)Regions at this level need to see the reproduction number of the virus between 1 and 1.2, and see hospital and ICU occupancy increasing only gradually. The idea at this level is to enhance restrictions and enforcement but avoid closures of businesses. Ahmed Al-Jaishi, an epidemiologist and PhD candidate in health research methodology, called the new provincial framework a “recipe for disaster” that will “only lead us into a lockdown.”“We need to start putting pressure on our regional elected officials to implement policies that protect our communities by slowing the spread of COVID-19,” he said. “I urge everyone to closely follow announcements from their local public health unit because we will start to see local policies that diverge from the provincial policies.”York, which reported 103 new cases Monday afternoon, is currently placed in the “restrict” or orange classification. Finally, Ottawa marked its third day in a row with more than 70 new cases reported, with 74 recorded on Monday, 71 on Sunday and 78 on Saturday. In a statement late last week, Dr. Vera Etches, Ottawa’s medical officer of health, said getting through the pandemic is a “marathon, not a hurdle race.”“It’s not about getting over the next hump, but about finding sustainable ways to balance life while keeping COVID-19 levels low in the community,” she said. “It is still up to everyone across all age groups and in every neighbourhood to act in a safer way when we go about our daily lives so we can keep the levels of COVID-19 down.”Cases of COVID-19 have surged in Manitoba, surpassing 2,000 in just one week. That’s nearly a quarter of all confirmed cases in the province since the pandemic began.“We see these numbers going in the wrong direction. We see increased demand on our health care system. And we’re at a critical point where we need to change these dynamics,” said Dr. Brent Roussin, Manitoba’s chief provincial health officer at a press conference on Monday.The province announced 365 new cases on Monday, bringing the total to 8,495 — more than 5,000 of which are active — since the pandemic began.“When we see these numbers, many people are worried. Health care workers are quite concerned about the increasing demands,” he said. “And it’s quite understandable given these numbers.”The province has a 9.5 per cent positivity rate and is experiencing outbreaks in long-term-care homes as well as more than 180 cases in the Headingley Correctional Centre, just outside of Winnipeg.Roussin said he was in talks with other provincial officials about further restrictions and that “nothing was off the table.”In Winnipeg and parts of southern Manitoba, social gatherings are limited to a maximum of five people or 15 per cent of a venue’s capacity, although community, cultural and religious gatherings can have up to 100 people. In-person dining is banned.Grocery stores and pharmacies are allowed to operate at 50 per cent capacity, but all other retail is limited to 25 per cent capacity.Roussin said the government is waiting to see the results of the current restrictions before imposing more.“It all comes down to reducing our contacts,” said Roussin, who asked people to leave their house only for essential purposes.Residents in British Columbia are also sorting through new restrictions imposed for a two-week period on Saturday after cases took off in the Fraser Health and Vancouver Coastal health regions in the southern part of the province.The restrictions include a ban for two weeks on social gatherings of any size with anyone outside of a person’s immediate household. Although funerals and weddings can proceed with household members, there can be no associated receptions inside the home or outside.“This will give us a chance to stop transmission,” said provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry on Saturday, announcing 567 new cases in the province.In the last two weeks the province has experienced a “dangerously high and a rapid increase” of cases, said Henry, with outbreaks in fish and food processing plants, retail locations, including car dealerships as well as transmission among household members.Furness says B.C. underestimated the risks posed by restaurants, which tend to employ younger, more precariously employed people who come into contact with customers throughout the day, and who associate with other young people.“B.C. has been on a precipice where the summer weather has meant we can get away with a lot. They had a low baseline to begin with, they’ve got a pretty compliant population, they’ve got excellent messaging,” he said. “But now, no matter what they do, their cases are going to continue to climb and it’s the restaurants feeding into it, no doubt in my mind.”Al-Jaishi said slowing the transmission of COVID-19 does not have to be an all-or-nothing approach. “We do not need to lock ourselves at home and avoid the world. You can make a difference by following basic public health guidelines. These are things like avoiding public indoor spaces, crowded areas, and large gatherings, including gatherings with friends and family,” he said. “When you need to be in public spaces like grocery stores, make sure to follow physical distancing guidelines, and wear your mask correctly.”
If ever there was a time for a glimmer of hope on the pandemic front, this would be it.The second wave of COVID-19 is biting hard. New cases are creeping up; in some areas they’re spiralling out of control. Yet provinces seem more concerned about keeping businesses and the economy open, implicitly accepting the high numbers as the new normal.So comes as a very welcome sign that there is hope after all, as the days grow shorter and fears grow larger.And yet the announcement by drug makers Pfizer and BioNTech that early evidence suggests its vaccine is 90-per-cent effective in preventing COVID-19, with no adverse effects, comes with its own set of challenges — challenges that governments across Canada cannot afford to bungle.If the news from Pfizer turns out to be as positive as it seems, a vaccine could be available to Canadians as early as the first quarter of next year. That would be record speed; developing a new vaccine typically takes four or even five years.The task at hand for governments, starting with the Trudeau government in Ottawa, is to make absolutely sure that systems are in place so that a vaccine can be administered to people as soon as it’s available.That means doing the work now, regardless of the cost, so that the distribution systems and logistics are ready. As governments have been saying for half a year and more now, the only thing that will allow us to return to normalcy is defeating the virus, so this must be top priority.It won’t be easy. The Pfizer vaccine, for example, must be stored and distributed in “ultra-frozen” conditions — minus 70 degrees C or below. That means existing public and private vaccine supply chains aren’t equipped to handle it, so parallel systems will have to put in place.At the same time, tens of millions of doses will have to be distributed within a relatively short period of time. The Pfizer vaccine requires two doses, 21 days apart, so that effectively doubles the number required to cover all Canadians. And that’s if everything goes right.The government insists it knows all this. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says there will have to be a “very sophisticated plan” to roll out the vaccine so that we get “the right vaccines in the right place to the right people.”Sounds good, but it’s not certain that’s being done. The United States is spending billions on what it calls “Operation Warp Speed” to push along development of a vaccine and put a system for distribution in place. Canada is spending about $1 billion to secure supplies of future vaccines from half a dozen companies, including 20 million doses from Pfizer, but the rest of the plan is not as clear.Success will also depend on other levels of government, provincial and municipal, to reach down to the level of getting shots to the right people first. Early signs there are not so encouraging.In Ontario, for example, the government promised the most ambitious flu vaccine plan ever seen to head off a so-called “twindemic” — a bad flu season on top of COVID-19. But seven weeks after it announced the plan, pharmacies are complaining they can’t get enough flu vaccine to meet the demand. Those seeking flu shots may find that frustrating, but it’s not the end of the world. We’ve lived with flu forever, and in normal times only a minority of people bother to get inoculated. But there will be no forgiving a government that botches the distribution of a COVID vaccine once it becomes generally available. Canadians will understand that not everyone can get it at once But they will not, and should not, be understanding if they can’t get a COVID shot because governments couldn’t get themselves properly organized, or cheaped out on the solution.On Monday Trudeau called the Pfizer announcement the “light at the end of the tunnel.” It’s a long, dark tunnel — and once we get through it we will expect a solution, not more delay.
OTTAWA—Next to Donald Trump, the Trudeau Liberals look like climate crusaders. But with Joe Biden on his way to the White House, environmental advocates expect new pressure on Ottawa to crank up Canada’s climate action as the government prepares its anticipated plan to hit net-zero emissions by 2050.Biden, the Democratic President-elect in the United States, is  to spend more than $2 trillion on “climate and environmental justice” initiatives. He plans to bring the U.S. back into the Paris Agreement, the key global accord to keep global warming below catastrophic levels this century. And he has vowed — like Canada and the European Union — to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, with legislation to enforce progress along the way to ensure that it happens. It’s a stark contrast to the Trump presidency, when the U.S. pulled out of the Paris accord and weakened environmental regulations like fuel-efficiency standards and rules for methane emissions while Canada plunged ahead with its first national plan to fight climate change. The dynamic is set to shift, just as Canada is preparing its own plan to meet the Liberal governments promises from 2019 to exceed its current emissions target for 2030 and hit net-zero by 2050. “Canada is in the throes of designing our own approach to net-zero pathways, and I think we are all waiting to see what that approach is going to look like,” said Josha MacNab, national director of policy and strategy at the Pembina Institute, a clean energy think tank. “Canada’s been a bit slower to act on this than we were hoping, and if the States steps into this space that may create more pressure or incentives for Canada to be making good on its commitments in the same direction,” she said.The government promised in its throne speech on Sept. 23 to “immediately” release its next climate plan, but Environment Minister Jonathan Wilkinson’s office has since said it will roll out coming policies this fall. Wilkinson was not available for an interview Monday, but told the Star in an emailed statement that the government will “soon bring forward” this updated plan. He also said Canada welcomes “the new administration’s commitments to climate action” and that the government will “continue to lead on the world stage to push for ambitious climate measures.”Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, meanwhile, spoke with Biden by phone on Monday, and a readout of their conversation from Trudeau’s office said they discussed a range of issues, including “co-operating on the fight against climate change.” Speaking earlier to reporters, Trudeau also said it is a “welcome sign” that the incoming president is making this a priority. Merran Smith, executive director of Clean Energy Canada, said the prospect of the U.S. rejoining the global effort on climate change is indeed a positive step. It could provide Canada’s clean tech sector with the opportunity to sell wares to a reinvigorated American market, and also open the door for zero-emission electricity exports to the U.S., she said. But if the coming Biden administration is able to fulfil its climate promises, Canada risks falling behind other countries in the growing clean tech and renewable energy markets, Smith added. “We have been moving forward on climate action slowly, but we are behind the rest of the world’s leading nations,” she said. “Canada is going to need to move quickly, take action, put policy and money… in moving forward low-carbon infrastructure and the low-carbon economy in Canada.” Others see the potential for specific pressure points for Canadian policy-makers under a Biden administration, including over Biden’s opposition to the Keystone XL oil pipeline from Alberta to the U.S.MacNab also pointed to Biden’s expressed support for “carbon border adjustments,” which are tariffs placed on goods that come from countries deemed to have weaker climate policies. Depending where the U.S. would draw that line, such a policy could force Canada to ramp up policies like the national minimum carbon price on industrial polluters, she said. Julia Levin, program manager of climate and energy at Environmental Defence, saw the potential for similar pressure in Biden’s pledge to push for a “worldwide ban on fossil fuel subsidies.” Levin’s organization has long campaigned against government support for Canada’s oil and gas industry, concluding in a report that federal and provincial subsidies totalled $3.3 billion in 2015 alone. With Ottawa already promising to exceed its 2030 emissions target that government projections show it is  of meeting, Levin said Biden’s climate platform will put Canada’s feet to the fire as it prepares its plan to slash emissions over the coming years. “There are a lot of really specific commitments that are far more ambitious than what we’re seeing here, and will put real pressure on our government to actually meet their rhetoric,” she said. 
Unifor, which represents GM workers at the automaker’s multiple sites in Canada revealed a big surprise with the announcement of a tentative agreement made mid last week: Production is coming back to Oshawa Assembly, starting with the HD Silverado and Sierra at the start of 2022, if the agreement is ratified. Up to $1.3 billion in investment would bring two and possibly three shifts to the plant, said Unifor national president Jerry Dias, and the agreement would also bring new transmission products to the St Catharine’s Powertrain plant and stabilize operations in Woodstock, Ont. The production shutdown in Oshawa was announced in 2018 and took place earlier this year. A last-minute agreement transitioned a small portion of operations to become a parts-stamping facility, with the grounds set to be used for autonomous vehicle testing. GM is the last of the big three to reach a tentative agreement with the union, which has said that this year’s agreements will bring more than $4.7 billion in investment to the Canadian auto sector. Members have yet to finish voting on ratification of the tentative agreement.While the subcompact sedan segment is quickly disappearing, Nissan is returning to the segment for the first time since 2014. The Versa sedan goes on sale this month at dealers in Canada, starting from $16,498 or $1,500 more for the CVT. All Versa sedans get a 1.6L four with 122 hp, and even the base model includes forward collision warning with emergency braking and pedestrian detection, plus lane departure warning. Air, power windows, and push-button start are included, though Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are limited to higher-trim cars. The Versa SV starts from $19,498 with CVT and the top-spec SR is $20,998.Subaru has announced that the Impreza will remain the lowest-priced new all-wheel drive option in the country. For 2021, the Impreza stays at $19,995 with a five-speed manual or $2,000 more for the CVT (add $1,000 to each for the hatch). Subaru is adding some content to the cars as well, with automatic headlights on all trim levels, plus a heated wheel on the Touring trim.Likewise, price changes are small for the Outback wagon and Legacy sedan. Both are $300 more for 2021, at $30,995 and $26,695 respectively, but for that money all models get LED steering responsive headlights as standard, as well as a rear seatbelt reminder. For Touring and up, a heated wheel is now standard.Audi has revealed more about the RS e-tron GT, the brand’s first electric RS model that’s set to launch here next year. It will have a twin-motor powertrain that includes a two-speed gearbox in the rear, while a maximum of 640 hp on overboost makes it the most powerful road-going Audi yet. The 800V architecture allows for 270 kW fast charging of the 93.4 kWh battery pack, with most of the underpinnings shared with the Porsche Taycan. Audi says the e-tron GT will be uniquely Audi, though, and that includes the three-chamber air suspension that rises for comfort, lowers for performance, and drops even more for maximum aerodynamic slipperiness.Volvo announced a new internal EV-development lab to help its existing sites design new electric motors, as the company works to move quickly to electric. Currently, all of the automaker’s models are available as hybrids, but it wants to go beyond. It’s looking for 50 per cent of sales to be fully electric by 2025, with the rest hybrids. So no gas-only cars in a very short period of time. They aren’t the only ones looking at moving electric in a hurry — while they currently offer zero such models, Bentley plans to be EV and PHEV only by 2026, and entire EV by 2030. Expect two plug-in hybrids to launch next year and start the new rush.
After an eight-month delay, Ontario released its 2020 budget, necessarily focusing on actions and initiatives to deal with the impacts of the pandemic. With Ontario’s Action Plan now totalling an estimated $45 billion, no one can accuse the government of not being comprehensive in the 260-page budget. However, as it is often said, the devil is in the details.Underscoring the uncertainty brought on by the pandemic, the budget provides three economic scenarios: a planning projection, a slower growth scenario, and a faster growth scenario. Each of the three assumes different rates of economic recovery and, by extension, different revenue forecasts and deficit projections.The budget, however, only includes one expense scenario, with little consideration given to the impacts the different growth scenarios would have on government spending. For example, we can assume that in the slower growth scenario COVID-19 cases are consistently high, public health restrictions remain largely in place, and businesses continue to struggle. While the budget contains substantial contingencies to respond to COVID-19 in the next three fiscal years, a key question that remains is whether the existing contingency funds will be sufficient should Ontario experience the slower growth scenario.We already know that the economic shut-down has resulted in significant business dislocation and job losses, with the service sector and small and medium sized businesses bearing the brunt of the impacts. According to reports, a COVID-19 vaccine is not expected to be widely available until mid-2021 at the earliest. The effectiveness of the various vaccine candidates is still in question, as is how many people will get the vaccine when it is available. These are still open questions. Whatever the answers, the economic dislocation will continue to be felt and requires substantial governmental resources and focus.Instead, recovery will have to be driven by economic growth, and the subsequent increased revenues growth would bring. The government’s long-term focus should be spurring this growth through supports for innovation and research and development. The government has spoken a lot about the “Ontario Spirit” over the course of the pandemic. They should now create the conditions in which that spirit can drive growth and innovation. By the same token, when the premier talks about the Ontario Spirit he also drives home the importance of purchasing Ontario-made products. While the challenges to our supply chain encountered during the pandemic have highlighted the need to develop and support Ontario-based industry, exports remain an important component of Ontario’s economy. One crucial question for the government is how it can juggle the day-to-day COVID-19 issues and develop a longer term comprehensive economic recovery plan. One possible solution is to establish an economic recovery task force composed of a broad array of experts to develop strategies to spur economic growth and innovation over the next 20 years. Such a group would develop tangible and meaningful recommendations, as the government continues to focus on the pandemic. Of course, in the short-term the government focus should be on mitigating the spread and impact of COVID-19 and supporting businesses and individuals. This task force could provide an interim report to the government in time for inclusion in the March 2021 budget, with further reports over the next two years as Ontario’s economy starts to recover from the impact of this pandemic. That interim report could focus on ways to get capital funding for Canadian startups and early stage-companies, such as the creation of a Sidecar Fund, support both applied research and longer-term innovation plays, and even look at ways to implement opportunity zones to stimulate growth outside of the downtown core. As the pandemic drags on, there will continue to be pressure to spend more in specific areas that have experienced challenges through COVID-19 — namely long-term care and supports for our seniors. The seniors home renovation tax credit that is proposed will assist with the physical aspects of helping seniors stay in their home, but there will be pressure to match this with increases to home care. These measures, however, come at a cost. As the government struggles to reign in the largest deficit in Ontario’s history, they must balance these spending needs with an uncertain economy. There will be no easy fix, but a path to budget balance lies within a plan for economic recovery.
Peel’s medical officer of health is pleading for residents to limit their interactions with people outside theirhouseholds after issuing tough new restrictions on weddings, workplaces and banquet halls in an effort to tamp out the flames of  raging through his community. After emerging as Ontario’s biggest COVID-19 hot spot with cases continuing to escalate and hospitals struggling to cope, Peel’s new health measures go beyond  and urge people to not leave their home except for essential activities.“The picture we are seeing in Peel is increasingly dire,” said the region’s medical officer of health, Dr. Lawrence Loh at a press conference Monday morning. He said it’s “crucial to take decisive steps.”In Brampton, 12.3 per cent of COVID-19 tests are coming back positive, while Peel Region has reported a test positivity rate of 9.4 per cent. That same week — Nov. 1 to Nov. 7 — Mississauga recorded a test positivity rate of 6.5 per cent and Caledon had a rate of 9.9 per cent, according to preliminary data from Peel Public Health.As of Nov. 9, the region had an infection rate of 142 cases per 100,000 population per week — still by far the highest in Ontario — and an increase of more than 40 cases over the previous week, according to the Star’s ongoing count.On Friday, in-patients to other GTA hospitals after a surge in its emergency departments led to unsafe overcrowding. The hospital system has already postponed about 50 elective surgeries and Osler president and CEO Dr. Naveed Mohammad said Monday the new controls are crucial to help ensure Brampton Civic Hospital and Etobicoke General Hospital can maintain health-care services for the community.which exceed the province’s red or control-zone limitations, wedding receptions are banned until at least the new year. Social gatherings in businesses like banquet halls celebrating life events, such as engagement and retirement parties, are also not allowed.Workplaces are restricted to essential visitors, and meetings and event spaces are closed. Celebrations and weddings are a major driver of COVID-19, Loh said, citing a recent wedding in York Region that led to 33 cases in Peel. Places of worship will be restricted to 30 per cent of the building’s capacity to a maximum of 50 people inside, and people are asked to sit with their own households.Restaurants, bars and gyms will be able to stay open, although under the provincial restrictions, there can only be 10 people inside at once.Like with speed limits, Loh hopes most people will follow the rules, and said there will be no penalty for small gatherings. If people live alone they’re advised to socialize only with one other household. “Our goal will be to catch the most egregious, including the large gatherings we have identified in our instructions,” he told reporters. Loh hopes these temporary measures will cut the chain of COVID-19 transmission to keep schools open, avoid a total lockdown like the spring, and “hopefully we can have a shot at the December holiday season.”“I know you will do what is right for you, your family and your community to prevent us from moving further up the provincial framework into the lockdown stage,” he said.In recent weeks, , a crucial component of curbing virus spread. Since late October, 10 public health units from across the province have been helping Peel keep up with its COVID-19 case and contact management after an explosion in cases following the Thanksgiving weekend. Still, between Oct. 27 and Nov. 2, only 56 per cent of cases were contacted within 24 hours. The target is 90 per cent. On Monday, Ontario announced new supports to boost Peel’s testing. The province is opening several new testing sites in the hot spot of Brampton, allowing walk-ins at assessment centres there for people who can’t get appointments and readying more hospital beds as the number of new infections surges to levels 20 per cent higher than a week ago.An Osler spokesperson said the health system is currently testing an average of about 1,750 to 1,800 people a day between its hospital sites, assessment centres and its COVID-19, Cold and Flu Clinic.Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti, an infectious diseases physician at Trillium Health Partners in Mississauga, said Loh deserves recognition for making “a very tough call” on the new restrictions. They may not be easy to enforce, he said. “But if it changes the behaviour of a big chunk of the people, that’s still going to make a difference.”The new restrictions, a mix of strong recommendations and enforceable moves, go to the heart of the “cycle” he’s seen unique to the region. There’s been a “hyper focus” on spread in bars and restaurants, but unlike in some other places, Chakrabarti said those businesses are not the main problem in Peel.Instead, people are often infected at large workplaces such as factories or when coming back from international travel. They then pass the virus on to family or roommates in large multi-generational households, and it spreads between households at private gatherings such as weddings, or religious ceremonies.According to the region’s most recent , 47 per cent of total cases were most likely acquired through household contact, 14 per cent through close contact outside the home, three per cent through workplace outbreaks, and roughly five per cent through travel. In about 22 per cent of cases, the exposure source is unknown. The public often thinks of a party that causes COVID as a “raucous college kegger,” Chakrabarti said, but it can easily spread in smaller, more intimate settings, such as showers, worship events or birthday parties. “You can easily shut down one party of 200 but when you have thousands of people having to get-togethers of 12, 15 people, that’s when it’s much more difficult to monitor that.” Given the large proportion of multi-generational homes, an isolation centre where people could safely separate from family, like the one in Toronto, would definitely help, he added. Loh said at the press conference that the health unit is in discussion with the federal government on funding support for something like this. Dr. Mahin Baqi, an infectious diseases and infection control specialist at Osler, said a worrisome pattern has emerged at its hospitals that highlights why it’s critical to reduce community spread.During the spring wave, many hospitalized COVID patients were transferred from struggling long-term-care homes in its catchment area. Now, many patients who are admitted come from multi-family homes, she said.“We are first seeing the infections in 20- to 40-year-olds. They are getting tested at our assessment centres and then their parents and grandparents are getting admitted to hospital subsequent to that.”Baqi said there continues to be a “stigma” attached to COVID-19 testing for many in the community, especially for essential workers who cannot work from home.“This job is paying to feed their families, to clothe their families, to house their families,” she said, noting the province has to not only make it easier to get tested, but ensure workplace supports that are fair and equitable across all sectors.“If they can’t go to work, they can’t support their families, and so that’s why they are not getting tested. A positive test means they are not going to work.”“They should not be penalized for having COVID, which they may have acquired in their workplaces.”Chakrabarti added it’s also important to make sure that guidance gets to communities, by communicating with leaders, and making sure that instructions are translated.“That’s a very, very important part, rather than just trying to put a bunch of recommendations from the top down without any kind of engagement of the people who it affects.” 
Bit by bit, day by day, Ontario is letting go of the rope. The chief medical officer of health tells you we have to do more, a few days after he approved a plan that will do less. The minister of health says the plan will allow Ontario to move quickly, as experts tell you it will do the opposite.And the premier tells you he listens to the doctors, even as it becomes clear that no reputable doctor would approve what he is pushing. Case counts are rising and restrictions have been loosened, and have been made harder to institute at all. Bit by bit, Ontario is sliding towards a bad, bad place.“We can turn it around, but I think we would have to have very, very tight measures,” says Dr. Beate Sander, a scientist and modeller at University Health Networks, a Canadian research chair in the economics of infectious diseases, and a member of the province’s independent, volunteer science table. “There’s good evidence that turning things around is a really good strategy, and that shorter, tighter measures are better than heading into a long lockdown.”On the weekend, Dr. Lawrence Loh took a step in that direction. Peel’s medical officer of health imposed to the bare restrictions imposed by the province. Toronto will likely take a similar path Tuesday. But even Loh was a doctor the premier didn’t listen to. Loh had asked to keep Peel, where COVID-19 case counts are higher than anywhere else in Ontario, in a modified Stage 2, with no indoor dining, and keeping gyms closed. The province said no. Premier Doug Ford said Monday he agreed with Loh’s moves, but only after the fact.Meanwhile, there were on Monday, 1,242 cases provincially on Monday, a seven-day average up to 1,106, a seven-day death average that is up to 13.4 per day, and test positivity that continues to climb. Some , others are on the verge of doing so; the province announced some triage measures for that Monday. As the Star’s Ed Tubb calculates, several medium-sized cities are seeing signs of early exponential growth, and the number Tuesday could be much bigger again.And still, last week the Ontario government continued to defend a to keep businesses open, even as global evidence points to businesses as sources of community transmission. Ford’s government has clearly decided the economy is more important than public health.Which is why Dr. Loh’s move inspired so many in Ontario’s public health and medical community. Medical officers of health have been a front line for this , even as the province tries to privatize the successes of the pandemic, and socialize the risks and failures. Their jobs could be at risk if the province resumes its plan to bury public health in a centralized Ontario Health infrastructure. Now, with mayors and the province and the business lobby pushing for reopening, public health is in an incredibly difficult position.“If we say something we’ll be criticized, and I know everyone is under pressure,” said one public health official who requested anonymity. “(But) when you’re getting that information from the province saying you’re OK to stay open, and I’m saying no, I think this puts our community at risk, we can’t wait that long before we put restrictions in place, we need to act now ... guess who’s the bad guy? It’s us. The province is saying you don’t need to implement those measures, and it’s a very difficult position for us to be in.”When the province was trying to reopen Ontario as a whole back in May despite vastly varying case counts, some local MOHs with clear thresholds and benchmarks for reopening. Some MOHs have tried to use local powers, only to have the province disallow the regulations, or face local lawsuits. The province has far greater powers than local public health officials to impose sweeping health-related restrictions. It just doesn’t care to use them.“You know, what people don’t see is, you know, my phone lights up like a Christmas tree from some health professionals, be it (the Ontario Hospital Association), or other ones, telling me one thing,” said Ford. “I have my health team telling me another. And then I’m bombarded with small business owners, of which my heart breaks for, saying keep it open. And, you know, either coming at you from all ways. And when I say it’s constant, it is constant. “I respect all 34 medical officers of the health. But at the end of the day, they don’t report in to me. I listen to the chief medical officer of Ontario and our health team, our minister of health.”Ford likes to talk about the 100 doctors advising him, but this strategy is so breathtakingly unscientific it isn’t clear who actually approved it. One source familiar with the process says the province’s health measures table — consisting of seven current or former medical officers of health, responsible for advice on reopening or adding restrictions to various jurisdictions — did not endorse the new framework as written, and in fact did not see the final version of the framework before it was announced. As the Star has reported, the province’s , either, and the science table’s lead scientist, Dr. Peter Juni, has said he would cut in half the thresholds under which the province imposes significant restrictions.The health command table , and lacks epidemiological expertise. And according to multiple sources, the province’s local medical officers of health did not see the plan until just before a conference call with befuddled chief medical officer of health Dr. David Williams on Tuesday; in fact, it seems local municipalities were given the plan before their public health officials were.Which tells you where Ontario’s priorities lie. People like Loh are fighting to keep the spread down in their communities, and many local medical officers of health may soon have to make similar choices.But it’s far from clear that will be enough. More and more, it looks like we’re steaming straight for a hard and ugly lockdown, and maybe some hospitals overwhelmed to boot. This plan isn’t built on science; this is economic politics that threw on a spare lab coat. There is still time to change this. But Ontario doesn’t seem very interested in that, yet.
It’s only been five years since Genesis separated from mother company Hyundai to become a stand-alone luxury brand. In that short time, it’s managed to produce a trio of very nice cars; the G70, G80, and G90.But it’s the arrival of their first premium crossover, the GV80, which finally establishes Genesis as a contender in this lofty niche.Though well received, the Korean company’s first offerings were only moderately successful and didn’t quite elevate the brand to the level of its more established competitors. When most automakers were abandoning the passenger car market for the more lucrative crossover, it was an unfortunate time to debut a trio of luxury sedans.If Genesis was going to compete against the heavy hitters, it was vital that it develop a first-rate crossover — a tall order for a company that hadn’t built one before. Granted, Genesis isn’t just a small startup, it has parent company Hyundai’s considerable resources to pull from. The Korean juggernaut has an impressive record for producing popular mass-market crossovers. But lest you think the new GV80 is merely a re-badged Hyundai — it shares nothing with its humble cousins and rides on an entirely different platform.While Hyundai’s crossovers are all front-wheel drive based, the GV80 is underpinned by the company’s first unibody, rear-wheel-drive platform. And by all measures, the new crossover feels like Genesis’s actual starting point — the sedans were just testing the waters.This is no humble new beginning — the GV80 bursts forth with pomp and swagger. Instead of gracefully joining the ranks, it rolls in with a side eye from its twin-slit headlights. The massive chain-link shield grille stops just short of garish, and the two parallel lines established by the headlights are repeated in the gilles flanking its front shoulders. A strong parabolic character line breaks up the side sheet metal, and the effect is visually slenderizing. The look will henceforth carry through the rest of their lineup and become Genesis’s signature design language. In profile, the GV80 slightly resembles the Bentley Bentayga, which stands to reason since Genesis lead designer Luc Donckerwolke was poached from the venerable British brand. If the exterior design announces the GV80’s arrival in the premium crossover segment with considerable presence, the cabin confirms that it belongs. Beautifully executed, it’s available in a striking palette to contrast or complement the exterior paint scheme. While the design is on the conservative side, the level of craftsmanship is evident in the beautifully quilted leather and exquisite matte wood trims. Attention to detail matters in this segment, and it is the little things that stand out: the beautifully knurled dials, filigreed aluminum speaker covers, and richly padded leather dash and door panels in top-spec Prestige models. It’s a tasteful environment without any overt embellishment.A floating console that houses the interface controller and rotary dial gear selector bisects the cockpit. The standout interior tech feature is the 14.5-inch raised touchscreen that’s standard across the lineup. It’s an awkward reach from driver to screen — better to use the iPod-like touchpad that features click, pinch, and swipe functions as well as handwriting recognition.Available on upper trims is a new 3D gauge screen, active noise cancellation using the 21-speaker premium audio system, and an electronically controlled adaptive suspension with road preview. One quibble I had with the technology was the aggressiveness of the lane-centring function — which felt like we were ping-ponging off the lane markers until the vehicle settled in the middle.Seats are plush and comforting with 12- or 16-way adjustment and massage up front, and heat and ventilation for front and second rows. There’s an available third-row option, but like most of these, it’s awkward and cramped and probably best left off your checklist.Genesis has wisely loaded up the GV80 right out of the box with plenty of standard safety and infotainment technology. In addition to the usual suite of driver’s assistance programs, there’s a head-up display that detects vehicles in the next lane, and automated lane change. The adaptive cruise control system eventually “learns” to adapt to your driving style, and can adjust following gaps and reaction speed. Optional is a remote parallel and perpendicular park function via smartphone app.The Magna-derived all-wheel drive is standard in Canada — and exclusive to our market is a Terrain Mode that uses the electronically controlled limited-slip differential to distribute power between the rear wheels.Our time was divided equally between the mid-range 2.5T Advanced, and top of the line 3.5T Prestige. While the 2.5T is a well-sorted vehicle that produces a respectable 300 horsepower and 311 lb.-ft. of torque via a turbocharged four-cylinder, it’s the 3.5-litre turbo V-6 that captured not only our attention, but according to Genesis, that of early buyers. A fully loaded AWD V-6 G80 weighs in at a considerable 5,000 lbs., but with 375 hp/391 lb.-ft. of torque, it hits 100 km/h in 5.7 seconds. And it does so with the linear, creamy smooth delivery expected of a premium vehicle. Aside from its more powerful drivetrain, the V-6-equipped GV80’s adaptive suspension system is vastly superior to the steel setup of the 2.5T models.Over smooth highway and pockmarked rural roads, the GV80 proved itself a beautifully composed vehicle that let nothing disturb the quiet sanctity of its cabin — despite riding on 22-inch rollers wrapped in winter rubber. Steering is well weighted, and there’s little body roll when cornering. Although the eight-speed transmission features row-your-own paddle shifters and a sports mode, the GV80 is no Mercedes-AMG performance rival. While powerful enough, the engines go about their business quietly without producing any throaty burble or exhaust note. With its supple ride quality and the silent serenity of its interior, the GV80 is a more luxurious cruiser than sporty poseur.The GV80 will be offered in four models: 2.5T Select ($64,500), 2.5T Advanced ($70,000), 3.5T Advanced ($80,000), and 3.5T Prestige ($85,000), all strategically priced below competitors like the Mercedes-Benz GLE, Audi Q7, and BMW X5. It should appear in Canadian showrooms later this year.Genesis may have been slow to get off the ground, but with the arrival of the GV80, it finally earns its place among the premium luxury brands.
It’s Zoom calls instead of California or Arizona for baseball’s general managers, but this week’s virtual meetings still mean it’s time to get to work. Trades and free agents are on GM Ross Atkins’ mind as he begins to put off-season plans into motion. The Jays have the payroll flexibility, prospects and versatile lineup to be big players. But who should they target? Here are some options that could fit the bill.
United States president-elect Joe Biden’s more collaborative approach to Beijing could be good news for two Canadians detained there, according to a former Canadian ambassador to China.Monday marked 700 days since Michael Spavor and Michael Kovrig were arbitrarily detained in mainland China in what’s widely seen as retaliation for Canada’s arrest of Huawei CFO Meng Wanzhou in 2018 at the behest of the United States.But there is hope Biden’s style on the world stage will be more about teamwork than Donald Trump’s and help secure the two Canadians’ release, said Guy Saint-Jacques, Canada’s ambassador to China from 2012 to 2016.“He will want to work a lot more closely with allies and adopt common policies and strategies,” Saint-Jacques told the Star.“China follows the old principle of: you kill the chicken to scare the monkey. But if we stand together, then I think we have a better chance to force China to change its behaviour.”Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke with Biden on Monday and discussed the ongoing detention of the two Canadians — dubbed the ‘two Michaels’ by many — among other issues like the pandemic, trade and anti-Black racism. It was the first call Biden received from a country’s leader since winning the American election against Trump, according to a readout from the prime minister’s office.Speaking to reporters during a press conference on Monday, Trudeau said he was “extremely confident” there will be continued co-operation between the U.S. and Canada as they urge China to change its approach.“While at the same time, impressing upon them the importance of returning the two Canadians who’ve been arbitrarily detained for over 700 days now,” he said.Saint-Jacques said there are several ways for the two Michaels to be released under a Biden administration.Meng is facing charges of fraud in the U.S. and is embroiled in an extradition battle on Canadian soil. She and Huawei deny the charges in the U.S.The U.S. could drop all charges against Meng and go after the company — although Saint-Jacques didn’t attach much weight to that possibility.He also said that if Biden reopens official talks with Beiing, there could be pressure brought on President Xi Jinping from within China to stop detaining citizens from other countries.“He will want to lower the temperature, the geopolitical pressure, and resume discussion on things like close encounters at sea that could be problematic,” said Saint-Jacques.“Biden may be willing to put some skin in the game and to put real pressure on China.”Still, he expects the U.S. will remain tough on China, due to bipartisan support from Republicans and Democrats in Washington D.C.A readout from the Biden transition team said the president-elect and Trudeau spoke about the relationship between the two countries on Monday, but it didn’t mention China or the two Michaels.While some hope a change in the presidency sets the stage to release Kovrig and Spavor, the two Canadians may be a low priority for Biden, says a former ambassador of Mexico to China and consul for Mexico in Texas.The mens’ release if the case against Meng is dropped isn’t likely to happen, said Jorge Guajardo. China has something to lose if they are released. “It would be an admission that they were political prisoners, which they are but China pretends otherwise,” Guajardo said.Biden will have some political capital with China, Guajardo said, but with issues like climate change and the mass internment of Uighurs, he isn’t likely to spend it trying to free the two Canadians.“There would be a case to be made within his circle that this is a Canada issue not a U.S. issue,” he said.He added Beijing may end up hardening its stance rather than show interest in a new kind of engagement with Washington.Meanwhile, federal Conservative Leader Erin O’Toole says Spavor and Kovrig can’t wait for Biden to take over in Washington.“After 700 days of wrongful detention, Michael Spavor and Michael Kovrig need more than words,” said O’Toole in an emailed statement. “We’re still almost three months away from president-elect Biden assuming office and Prime Minister Trudeau should take action before then.” Kovrig, a diplomat-on-leave, and Spavor, an entrepreneur, were arrested in December 2018 within days of Meng’s arrest in Vancouver. She is wanted on several charges in the U.S., including fraud for allegedly lying to a bank executive about her company’s relationship with a subsidiary operating in Iran, exposing the bank to risk of inadvertently breaking U.S. sanctions placed on the country.A New York warrant alleges she knew Huawei was operating a company called Skycom to do business with Iran, which has been subject to U.S. sanctions since 1979.
It’s been said that one of the tricky parts about running the relates to the self-esteem of the team’s fan base: It’s high. Very high.In a city that considers itself the centre of the hockey universe, in a country that has traditionally seen the game as a birthright, just about every Leaf fan is a would-be GM, or has a list of ideas for the actual GM. Just about every Leaf fan is a could-be coach, or thinks coaching doesn’t seem so hard.Which probably helps explain the reaction to , in which I profiled Jack Han, the ex-Marlies assistant coach, while outlining Han’s belief that the Leafs might find success next season by occasionally icing three defencemen and two forwards, as opposed to the conventional two and three. Along with enumerating his reasons for backing a three-defenceman deployment, Han, who recently wrapped up a three-season stint working for the Leafs organization, said he believes the probability is “pretty high” that Leafs head coach Sheldon Keefe will use the tactic.If that last bit in itself was newsworthy given Han recent worked alongside Keefe with the Marlies, it didn’t stop the social media mob from attacking the concept. It’s safe to say that many among Toronto’s fan base seemed to consider Han’s outside-the-box idea the outrage of the century. Twitter dunked on it. Profanity was expelled upon it. GIFs mocked it — or, at least, mocked the attached internet headlines. It’s possible a few people even read the whole article, in which Han made a compelling case for the strategy. Certainly there were readers who reached out with praise for Han’s thought-provoking insights. But by and large, Leafland’s army of keyboard coaches and smartphone GMs seemed interested in halting the discussion before it began. “Waiting for the day when people start saying that playing 2 goalies is a great idea, too,” wrote Carlo Colaiacovo, the former Leafs defenceman and TSN radio host, in an Instagram story that encapsulated the widespread disdain for the three-defenceman brainwave. “Keep the focus on playing the game and less about trying to re-invent it.”Han, who lives in Montreal, said he saw plenty of similarly dismissive reactions to his concept.“A lot of people thought it was dumb,” Han was saying over the phone on Monday. “Which, on the surface, I would agree with.”Indeed, on the surface, for the masses eager to make snap judgments, using three defencemen doesn’t make intuitive sense. Most of hockey’s best players still grow up playing forward. Most of the Leafs’ best players are forwards, whereas defence has long been seen as a weak spot. So why tip the manpower balance toward defence? Again, Han has enumerated his reasons, both in the Star and in his Hockey Tactics newsletter. We won’t go over them again here.Han, mind you, did address a frequent social media counterpoint. If a tactical sea change is in the offing, more than one critic argued, wouldn’t Toronto’s forward-heavy roster be better suited to using four forwards and one defenceman at five-on-five, just as most NHL teams already do on the power play? Han, for the record, is not a fan of the idea.“It really kind of stifles what that one defenceman can do,” Han said. It would take a considerable amount of coaching, he continued, to trust a four-forward deployment to play a defensively responsible style.As for the merits of a three-man defence: Hockey author and historian Eric Zweig sent along an email pointing out that the idea, if Han has recently made it his own, has a track record dating back more than a century. “It is an ancient strategy, really,” Zweig said.It was also, Zweig said, an effective strategy — so effective that more than one league made rules attempting to outlaw it. Until the early 1940s the NHL, like its various predecessor leagues, was known to have an “anti-defence rule” that attempted to address the wont of some coaches to deploy three defencemen and two forwards. “(The strategy) had enough success that the NHL chose to legislate against it,” Zweig said.It was successful in the junior ranks, too. When the Regina Pats won the Memorial Cup in 1925, one of their best players, Syl Acaster, was described by the team as “our star centre.” According to an article in the Star at the time, Acaster wasn’t a centre forward. He was a centre defenceman who helped Regina beat Toronto’s Aura Lee hockey club for junior hockey’s big prize.“(Regina’s) three-man defence with the two forwards backchecking closely had the Toronto kids flabbergasted,” went a report of the day. And much as fans of the Leafs largely turned up their nose to the idea, their beloved franchise was long ago known to use it. A recounting of a 1924 win by the local NHLers, then known as the St. Pats, mentioned a three-man backline deployment in which the centreman, Reg Noble, switched to defence to nurse a crucial 2-1 win over Hamilton. “It’ll be interesting to see if this is a strategy that gains any traction in the future,” Zweig said. “But it certainly has in the past. And when it did, they passed rules because it was too effective.” Han said he wasn’t aware of the deployment’s considerable history. According to one newspaper account, the varsity hockey team at McGill University, Han’s alma mater, was noted for using three defencemen way back in 1914. So in some ways, Han’s not advocating for an innovation as much as he’s paying homage to history. “I’m not surprised (it’s been tried before). I don’t really believe in new ideas,” Han said. “I believe in old ideas that have been forgotten about.”Still, the 31-year-old from Montreal said he’s not discouraged by the social media negativity that’s met this particular idea. Pushback to an unfamiliar concept isn’t so much a problem with hockey’s conservative culture as a matter of human nature.“We’re social creatures and we’ve got to look for consensus,” he said. “And if something that we’re doing doesn’t fit in with the pack mentality, our safety’s at stake. It’s coded in the primal part of our brain and that’s never going to go away.”Han said the article prompted a number of fellow coaches to contact him with stories about using a two-forward, three-defenceman approach in more recent times at various levels below the NHL. Some reported success. “On one hand, people who say it’s not going to work, well, if they don’t work in hockey or they don’t coach in hockey we don’t need to pay any attention to that,” Han said. As for those who do coach in hockey, Han issued a challenge: Next time your team scrimmages, split up your players. Play one unit with two forwards and three defencemen against another with four forwards and one defenceman, just to see how it goes. In other words, never mind the pack mentality. Don’t dismiss it until you see it in action.“At the end of the day, coaches are very pragmatic people. So if it doesn’t work, it’s not going to fly,” Han said. “But if it does work, no matter how silly it seems, if it does give them an advantage, I think you’ll see it spread quickly.”History would suggest as much.
With winter almost upon us once again, it’s time to not only prepare ourselves for the return of bitter weather, with annual flu shots and new coat and boot purchases, but we need to get our vehicles ready as well. One of the most common winter rituals is switching all-season and summer performance tires out in favour of those designed specifically for winter driving. The reasons for doing so might appear obvious, given Canadian winters are quite long and cold with heavy snowfall accumulation, but I’m going to outline the main benefits of winter tire use along with other factors to consider when making the switch. First up, the benefits.Simply put, winter tires, unlike all-season, performance and even all-weather tires, work much better in cold weather. They are engineered specifically for driving conditions when the mercury is at or below 7 C. Other tires, such as all-seasons, feature rubber compounds that are designed for warmer weather, but they become much harder as the temperature drops, which leads to a loss of traction. Winter tires, because they are designed for cold weather, use softer rubber compounds that remain flexible, even in bitter conditions, allowing for better grip and better performance on ice and snow-covered roads. Winter tires also contain silica, a material that comes from sand, which, when used in rubber compounds, improves grip at lower temperatures.As you have likely noticed, tires designed for different seasons have tread patterns that vary significantly. Winter tires tend to stand out because of their chunkier appearance that makes for better grip on ice and snow. Generally, winter tires have a more open tread pattern with deeper sipes (grooves) that are designed to push away ice and snow. Sipes on winter tires also feature hundreds of biting edges that help provide better grip on snow, ice and slush-covered surfaces. All-season tires, on the other hand, are designed for pushing water away, and their shallower sipes can become packed with snow and slush, leading to loss of traction. Winter tire design not only improves handling in cold weather, but also shorter stopping distances, even on dry pavement. According to a 2012 study published by the Ottawa-based Traffic Injury Research Foundation, stopping distance for vehicles equipped with all-season tires on dry pavement at temperatures just below freezing is 30 per cent longer than those shod in winter tires.With those factors in mind, here are some other things to know about winter tires. A tire that is rated for winter use will have a three-peak mountain snowflake graphic, also known as the Alpine symbol, located on its sidewall. That three-peak mountain snowflake designates that the tire meets snow traction requirements as set forth by Transport Canada and the Tire and Rubber Association of Canada (TRAC), a trade association that represents tire manufacturers. On Transport Canada’s website, winter tires are described as, “designed specifically for use in severe snow conditions.”It is important to note the distinction between the Alpine symbol found on winter tires and the M+S (mud and snow) marking on the sidewall of many all-season tires. The M+S designation indicates the tires are designed for all-weather performance but “may not always be suitable for severe snow conditions.”As for summer tires, well, you don’t want to be riding on them when snow starts flying: “wide, high performance tires, other than those that are specifically designed as snow tires, are not suitable for use on snow-covered roads,” according to Transport Canada.Two provinces, Quebec and British Columbia, have laws on their books mandating winter tire use. In Quebec, winter tires are mandatory from December 1 to March 15, with fines of up to $300 for those who fail to comply.In B.C., winter tires or all-seasons with the M+S rating are required for specific highways and mountain roads from October 1 to April 30. Some, such as Highway 99 (Sea to Sky) that links metro Vancouver to Whistler, have an end date of March 31, but the deadline can be extended. Highways covered by the law are marked with signs, and motorists can be hit with a $109 fine if they don’t comply.For the rest of Canada, winter tires are recommended but not mandatory, and some provincial incentives exist to encourage adoption. In Manitoba, the provincial government offers a low-interest loan to motorists for the purchase of approved winter tires, while in Ontario, rebates on insurance premiums (up to five per cent) are available. . All other provinces and territories recommend winter tire use but have no laws mandating the practice. Interestingly, according to TRAC’s 2018 Canadian Consumer Winter Tire Study, 94 per cent of drivers in Atlantic Canada use winter tires without a legal mandate. Only Quebec has a higher use percentage. And the provinces with the lowest adoption rate? Manitoba, Ontario and Saskatchewan (all 60 per cent). The short answer to this question is that it varies — depending on vehicle driven, tire brand, manufacturer rebates, retailer and other factors. Generally, national brands, such as Bridgestone and Michelin, both of whom make excellent winter tires, cost more. Others, such as the Sailun Ice Blazers on my car, can be had for less. For instance, a local retailer near me in Durham Region is currently selling a set of Michelin X-Ice Xi3 winter tires for my vehicle (2010 Honda Civic Si coupe) for just under $900 after manufacturer rebate, but before applicable fees and taxes. A set of Bridgestone Blizzak WS90s check in at just over $800 with the same conditions. For reference, the set of Sailuns I bought in late 2017 cost just under $600 all in, and I’m just as happy with my purchase now as I was when I bought them nearly three years ago.According to data from Environment Canada, Toronto received an average annual snowfall of 130.2 cm (4.3 feet) from 2017 through 2019. Figures for 2020 aren’t yet available, but I think that figure alone makes an excellent argument for winter tires. Benjamin Franklin was referring to fire safety when he famously said, “an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure,” but I think his words work just as well for winter tire adoption. Were he alive today, I’m sure Ben would agree.
If there’s one thing most drivers can agree on, it is the desire to save money on auto insurance. Like the purchase of gasoline, when it comes to insurance it pays to shop around, a reality I discovered this past April when I changed providers for the first time in more than 20 years. Saving a few hundred bucks per year feels great, but for those who aren’t in the market for a new provider, there’s another easy way to save money on insurance: put a set of winter tires on your vehicle.Unlike Quebec and British Columbia, Ontario doesn’t mandate the use of winter tires, but it does provide a financial incentive. What follows is a breakdown of how winter tire insurance discounts work and to answer a few of the biggest questions surrounding the policy.On Jan. 1, 2016, a new law came into effect, mandating all insurance providers operating in Ontario must offer a discount to drivers if they put winter tires on their vehicles. The main thrust of the law is to encourage drivers to switch to winters tires in order to enhance winter road safety. At the time the law was introduced, the province noted that in addition to the potential savings on insurance premiums for 9.5 million drivers, stopping distances for vehicles equipped with winter tires could be up to 25 per cent shorter over those without.The discounts vary depending on policy and insurance provider, but generally range from two to five per cent per vehicle per policy. On a policy with a $1,600 annual premium, for example, the savings could be up to $80 assuming a five per cent discount. It’s unlikely the discount will pay for even one winter tire, however. A new set of winter tires can cost anywhere from $600 and up, depending on size, vehicle, tire brand and retailer. For instance, in late 2017 a new set of Sailuns cost me just under $600 all in, but a set from a national brand, such as Bridgestone or Michelin, could cost several hundred dollars more.In order to be eligible for the discount, a policyholder needs to purchase a set of winter tires. The easiest way to determine if a tire is designed for winter use is to look for the three-peak mountain snowflake graphic located on the sidewall. For more on the benefits of winter tires, check out my .Once the tires have been installed, proof of purchase (such as a receipt) will need to be submitted to the insurer. Documentation may vary depending on provider and policy, so checking before purchasing is a good idea.Something else to keep in mind is the tires don’t have to be new in order to qualify for the discount, but they do need to have the three-peak mountain snowflake that proves they are winter tires. All-season and summer performance tires are not eligible for the discount, but all-weathers could be, depending on insurer. When in doubt, the best thing to do is check with the provider.Some insurers require that winter tires must remain on the vehicle for a specific time period, such as Dec. 1 to March 31 or November to April, for example, for the discount to be applied. Policyholders should check with their insurers regarding conditions that may apply.This is a difficult question to answer definitively, but according to the Tire and Rubber Association of Canada (TRAC), the trade association that represents tire manufacturers, winter tire use is on the rise in Ontario. In its most recent Winter Tire Report, TRAC notes that in Ontario, winter tire usage has risen from 56 per cent in 2014 to 69 per cent in 2019. The provincial trend mirrors the national adoption, which has increased from 58 to 75 per cent over the same time period. Of note, according to the report only Quebec (100 per cent), which has a winter tire law, and Atlantic Canada (91 per cent) outpace Ontario in winter tire use. The insurance discount could be partly responsible for the increase in Ontario, but its impact is nearly impossible to measure with any certainty. According to TRAC’s data, lower auto insurance premiums (11 per cent) rank behind winter tire laws (34 per cent) and advice from family and friends (17 per cent), but ahead of media coverage (seven per cent) regarding reasons for winter tire use. These figures are national, however, so how much they differ at the provincial level (outside Quebec), is difficult to pinpoint. Regardless of how motivated Ontario drivers may be to save money on auto insurance, the fact that more are putting winter tires on their vehicles is good news, not only for their bottom lines, but for improved winter road safety as well.
The Bank of Canada has revealed a shortlist of eight “iconic Canadians” — Terry Fox among them — who each might be the face on the next $5 bill.An independent advisory council compiled the shortlist after hearing from more than 45,000 Canadians in public consultation earlier this year, the central bank said in a statement Monday. Finance Minister Chrystia Freeland will announce a final decision early next year.The bank previously announced that the current face on the $5 banknote — our first francophone prime minister, Sir Wilfrid Laurier — will be featured on a redesigned higher-value denomination, such as the $50 or $100 bill.The eight candidates are:A prolific Inuk artist and Order of Canada recipient, Ashoona made over 9,000 drawings. The National Film Board produced a film based on her book, “Pitseolak: Pictures out of my life,” in 1971. Barry was the first French-Canadian female journalist and a well-known feminist whose career began in 1891 under the pen name “Francoise,” writing about issues like social injustice, violence against women, and child-labour laws.Pegahmagabow earned fame and several medals in World War One for his impeccable skill as a sniper. In 1919, he returned home and became an advocate for Indigenous rights and chief of Parry Island Band, now known as Wasauksing First Nation.The first Chinese-Canadian born in Canada (in Port Douglas, B.C.), Cumyow was fluent in Chinese, English and the Indigenous Chinook language. He gained prominence as a merchant, community leader and an official court interpreter with the Vancouver City Police from 1904 to 1936.Fox is known for his fundraising campaign called Marathon of Hope, his one-man cross-country journey in 1980 by foot, aimed at raising money and awareness for cancer research. Fox, who had lost his right leg to bone cancer in 1977, ran over 5,000 km with an artificial leg, stopping in Thunder Bay when the cancer returned. More than $800 million has been raised in his name.In 1945 Hitschmanova founded the Unitarian Service Committee of Canada, which advocated for those enduring poverty and illness due to war and natural disasters. USC is still operating in 12 countries. Also known as “Crowfoot,” Muxika became a chief to the Siksika (Blackfoot) people, and a diplomat seeking peaceful, just relations between colonial groups and Indigenous peoples. His legacy includes 1877’s Treaty 7 between the Canadian government and the Blackfoot and other Indigenous nations in southern Alberta. Loft founded the country’s first national Indigenous body, the League of Indians of Canada, in 1918 and promoted rights for his people through journalism for the Toronto Globe.
One of Canada’s biggest seafood companies has agreed to a $537 million takeover by a consortium which includes seven Mi’kmaq communities.Halifax-based Clearwater Seafoods Inc. announced Monday evening that it had accepted an $8.25 per share offer from Premium Brands Holdings and the Mi’kmaq First Nations coalition. Clearwater had announced a strategic review in early March.Seven Mi’kmaq communities, including six in Nova Scotia and one in Newfoundland, have committed to being part of the coalition, which will have a 50 per cent stake in Clearwater, while Premium Brands will hold the other half.The Membertou Mi’kmaq community started the coalition, but Membertou Chief Terry Paul invited other Mi’kmaq communities to join. Among those that have committed to being part of the coalition is the Sipekne’katik community, home to some of the Mi’kmaq lobster fishermen who have been  by violence from non-Indigenous fishermen this year after asserting their treaty right to catch lobster.“It’s very exciting. This will have a generational impact on the communities,” said Paul, whose own community has 1,500 residents.Sipekne’katik Chief Michael Sack said the deal will help his community boost its annual $6 million in “own-source” revenue, meaning anything which comes from a source other than federal government transfers.“This will help us make our community more self-sustaining,” said Sack.Sack said his community still intends to push ahead with its own treaty fishery, also known as a moderate livelihood fishery.“This is a straight business investment,” said Sack.In trading on the TSX Tuesday, Clearwater shares rose 93 cents to $8.14 by 3:00 p.m., but were still short of the deal price. Shares of Premium Brands Holdings, meanwhile, fell $2.70 to $95.60. According to  Premium has acquired five other companies since 2018 as part of a strategy to consolidate the North American lobster industry. Paul insisted that the deal wasn’t prompted by the Mi’kmaq fishermen being attacked, and pointed out that the Membertou community had already purchased two of Clearview’s lobster-catching licences a few years ago.“This is a commercial transaction, and has no bearing on the processes and discussions about our moderate livelihood fishery,” Paul said.Paul added that Clearwater’s Canadian fishing licences will be held within a “fully Mi’kmaq-owned partnership.” Eventually, more of the seafood being caught under those licences will be done by Mi’kmaq community members, but for now it’s business as usual, Paul said. Any changes will come through attrition and retirements.Still, asked how he’d feel about those licences potentially being used by people who attacked some of his community members for their role in the moderate livelihood fishery, Sack admitted he wasn’t thrilled.“We try to keep ourselves working with good people,” said Sack, adding that for the moment he still supports a restaurant boycott of Nova Scotia lobster caught by non-Mi’kmaq fishermen. Paul called the purchase the single largest investment in the seafood industry by any Indigenous group in Canada. The Paqtnkek, Pictou Landing, Potlotek, Sipekne’katik, and We’koqma’q communities have “confirmed their intention” to take part in the deal along with the Membertou and Miawpukek communities.Miawpukek, in Newfoundland, is the only non-Nova Scotian community in the coalition. All 13 Nova Scotia Mi’kmaq communities were invited to join the coalition.Paul said the coalition intends to offer training for Mi’kmaq to take a broader role in the fishing industry.The coalition investment is being supported by a 30-year, $250-million loan from the First Nations Finance Authority, a non-profit financing organization controlled by First Nations.FNFA president Ernie Daniels said the interest rate on the loan will likely be just under two per cent per year. Even though it’s a relatively large addition to the FNFA’s existing $1 billion loan portfolio, Daniels says it’s a safe investment.“We like this deal a lot. There’s a consistent revenue stream, and there are assets that could be sold if something went wrong, which to be clear, we don’t anticipate,” Daniels said.Premium’s stake is being funded in part by $200 million in a public share offering and a $50 million equity investment from the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board.“We are proud to partner with the Mi’kmaq First Nations communities in this unique opportunity to enhance First Nations’ participation in commercial fisheries at the same time building the seafood portfolio within the Premium Brand ecosystem,” said Premium Brands CEO George Paleologou in a press release.
Teams can never have enough quality pitching depth, but the possess more of it than most. What they lack are the mid- to upper-tier arms and that’s why acquiring another impact starter needs to be among the club’s top priorities this off-season.Last winter, the Jays’ staff required a bit of everything. Toronto was coming off a season that saw its starters rank 22nd in the majors with a 5.22 ERA and 28th with 711 1/3 innings. At times it was a struggle just to find a healthy body as the Jays cycled through 18 guys. The struggles led to a one-track mind the following off-season as Hyun-Jin Ryu was signed to become the de facto ace, while veterans Chase Anderson and Tanner Roark were added to round out the staff. In 2020, Jays starters ranked 17th with a 4.55 ERA, a noticeable improvement over the season before but still not close to where they needed to be. The holes in the rotation remain every bit as glaring as they were a year ago, but they’re also more specialized. The back-end pieces are in place. It’s some of the ones above that are missing.These next few months can’t be spent shopping in the discount bin. They’ve done enough of that already. High upside is what’s required for a team potentially on the cusp of something special. Someone who can slot in alongside Ryu and Nate Pearson as a front-line arm. A pitcher who can be relied upon throughout the regular season and have enough left to steal a game in the playoffs.The Jays have the resources, financial and in personnel, to make it happen. The challenge is the current market. Outside of Trevor Bauer, the list of free agents resembles a dream team from 2015. Chris Archer, James Paxton, Cole Hamels, Corey Kluber, J.A. Happ, Jon Lester, Adam Wainwright and Rick Porcello are all available. Each one has been in the mix for a Cy Young before, and they’re all coming off down years with questions about their future upside. Other options include last year’s target Jake Odorizzi, Taijuan Walker, Charlie Morton, the oft-injured Garrett Richards and former Cubs lefty Jose Quintana. Plenty of guys to choose from, just not ones who are comparable to the top-end talent from a year ago when Gerrit Cole, Stephen Strasburg, Zack Wheeler, Madison Bumgarner and Ryu all hit the market at once. The Jays added one potential mid-rotation piece over the weekend by re-signing Robbie Ray to a one-year deal. They require at least one more and upside will be just as important — if not more — as durability. They don’t need another Roark. They need another impact piece. “We feel good about depth and options of having guys like Thomas Hatch, Anthony Kay and T.J. Zeuch that have already shown the ability to contribute and can be starting depth,” Atkins told reporters late Monday afternoon. “If they make our major-league team and are in our rotation, great. If not, be pieces for us in triple-A. “It’s not about numbers (for us). At this point it’s about quality. We feel good about the quantity, and we need to be focused on the quality of how we’re getting outs.”Atkins conceded that his team has yet to receive approval from ownership for next year’s budget, and official word won’t be received until later this month when president Mark Shapiro makes a presentation to the board.That seems unusual, perhaps even a bit alarming considering the off-season has already started, but Atkins doesn’t seem bothered by it. The fifth-year front office executive said the Jays are operating under the same parameters that were set by the board approximately 12 months ago as a part of a multi-year vision. The decision to re-sign Ray for $8 million (U.S.), plus incentives, backs that up. Adding Ray doesn’t much make sense if it’s the only move they’re going to make. It becomes more reasonable when Ray is viewed as a precursor of things to come, much like Anderson was last November when the Jays guaranteed his $8.5-million salary before eventually signing Ryu, Roark and others.“I actually feel pretty good about some of the options that are still out there,” Atkins said when asked if the Jays would prefer to do their work in free agency or by trade. “I’ve certainly spent a lot of time in free agency, and I’ve certainly spent a lot of time talking with teams about guys who are available, or potentially available. “I feel good about acquiring another free agent, I can tell you that, in the starting pitcher market. That doesn’t mean it will happen, but I feel like we have a chance to do it. If that doesn’t happen, we’ll turn to the trade market. But we’re working on them simultaneously.”From a talent perspective, Bauer is the best fit by a wide margin. He’s the only pitcher mentioned here who could be considered an ace and adding him would give the Jays a top three that rivals any team in baseball. The issue is other clubs will recognize that too, and if the Mets, Yankees, Angels and Dodgers get involved it might not take long for the price to extend beyond Toronto’s comfort level.If that happens, the Jays will have to choose someone from that secondary group of free agents, where upside exists but is harder to find. Which pitcher they settle on could end up being the difference between making the playoffs or having the season cut short. Aiming high on starting pitchers is the goal. It’s just a difficult off-season to pull it off. 
The 12-year-old boy hit by a stray bullet in a  on Saturday remains in ‘life-threatening’ condition, Toronto Police media officer Alex Li says. Police were called to the area of Stong Court and Jane Street for reports of multiple gunshots heard on Saturday afternoon. The boy was found on the west side of Jane and was taken to hospital with critical injuries. Three other victims including a 17-year-old boy were injured when they were shot at through their car by another group in a parking lot at 25 Stong Crt. Officer Li told the Star that the 17-year-old, who was initially in life-threatening condition, has now been discharged from hospital along with the two other victims. Li also confirmed that the Toronto Police Guns and Gangs specialized unit is now working on the investigation. “They’re working around the clock appealing to the public and members of the community to assist with this active and ongoing investigation,” Li said. “Our investigators are following up on all the leads being presented to them.”
Souvankham Thammavongsa has won the $100,000 Scotiabank Giller Prize for 2020 for her book “How to Pronounce Knife.” In a celebratory ceremony that went on Monday night despite the challenges of a , the winner was announced in a virtual gala livestreamed and broadcast across the country.“I am the product of the small press,” Thammavongsa said after accepting the trophy from a Giller representative at her front door.“Tonight I’m thinking about my first publisher, Beth Follett of Pedlar Press … who has kept my books in print for almost 20 years,” she said later on the phone with the Star. “She’s the reason I can be here tonight.”Follet recently announced that Pedlar Press was shutting down.That, Thammavongsa says, makes her think of other young women, those who “just needed someone to give her a place to see her name on the front of a book, to see her book on a bookshelf. Small presses take the risk of taking a writer like that … no one’s waiting for their book. But when they publish them people find them.”“How To Pronounce Knife,” published by McClelland and Stewart, was Thammavongsa’s debut short-story collection, although she has published four volumes of poetry. The jury, in its shortlist comments, said the book “is a stunning collection of stories that portray the immigrant experience in achingly beautiful prose.”The other finalists were: “ (House of Anansi); “Here the Dark,” by  (Biblioasis); “ (Book*hug); and “ (HarperCollins).The tuxedos stayed zipped in their garment bags, the glittery frocks faced a dull evening in the back of a dark closet, and the great and the good joined in a more egalitarian Giller gala than ever. Diana Krall performed and Eric McCormack hosted (from Vancouver for the first time), beginning with a meeting via Zoom with previous hosts including Rick Mercer and Jann Arden. To recognize what Mandel called the “heroes” of COVID-19 front-line labour, health-care workers in Toronto read excerpts from each of the shortlisted books.“What I found hardest was not being able to commune with the authors the way we normally do. I miss the hugs, the laughter and the camaraderie,” said Elana Rabinovitch, executive director of the Giller Prize. The five finalists, in previous years, would have travelled the country — and, in some years, to London and New York — giving readings and boosting the profile of CanLit everywhere. This year, there were a few virtual events beforehand; there was also a request for those who couldn’t bear to forego the dressing up, and who hauled out the sparkles in the comfort of their living room, to “please use the hashtag DressedForTheGiller so we can see your photos.” Hazel and Jay Millar, co-publishers at Book*hug, saw a book of theirs, (“Polar Vortex”) on the finalist list for the first time. They were with their author, Mootoo, in Prince Edward County — appropriately masked and social distanced.“We’ve chosen to focus on this and celebrate it as much as we can,” said Hazel Millar in an email conversation ahead of the show, before excusing herself to go “put on my sparkly dress now.” This year’s jury chose the .  The prize was founded in 1994 by businessman and philanthropist Jack Rabinovitch to honour his late wife, Doris Giller, who was a Books Editor at the Star. 
If we give away our environment heritage without a fight as may happen in Pickering, we may not be able to use the name “Earth” anymore.I knew we were in environmental trouble once Ford took provincial control.He has no understanding of the importance of these natural assets to Canadians, except that he probably would not want a condo development next to his cottage.Every naturalist worth his salt knows the value of scarce wetlands like the one in Pickering. Humans, in their past blindness, have drained huge numbers of these over the past century without considering their value as home to many wetland creatures like ducks or frogs.The Earth is our home. We will need more wetlands, not less. 
Alek Minassian drove the rented white van directly at pedestrians as he careened , reaching speeds of 50 km/h — so fast storefront windows shook. He held the steering wheel with both hands, leaning forward and staring straight ahead. He accelerated as he drove into people, sending some flying into the air, dragging others along the pavement.“There was no warning when Minassian mounted the sidewalk because he driving so fast,” Crown prosecutor Joe Callaghan said in an unflinchingly detailed agreed statement of facts outlining the beginning at 1:27 p.m. on April 23, 2018.“People were not prepared for such an attack,” he said.It took more than 11 minutes for all of Minassian’s 26 charges — 10 first-degree murder, 16 attempted murder — to be read at the start of his Tuesday morning. Through his lawyer Boris Bytensky, he entered a plea of not guilty to them all and said he would be arguing he is .“I am entering a plea of not criminally responsible for all counts,” Minassian agreed, slightly misstating the process, from the small room at the jail where he is being held.Minassian has admitted killing and , both 22; , 30; , 33; , 45; , 45; , 80; , 83; , 85; and , 94.Photographs of each of their faces were shown in court by the Crown, the closest Minassian will come to facing the families of the people he killed or the survivors of his attack because the trial is being held entirely remotely, without a courtroom.Minassian has further admitted to trying to kill Hyeon Jeong Moon; Morgan McDougall; Samantha Peart; Mavis Justino; Samantha Samson; Yunsheng Tian; Amir Kiumarsi; Jun Seok Park; Amaresh Tesfamariam; So Ra; Beverly Smith; Robert Anderson; Aleksandra Kozhevinikova; Catherine Riddell; Xiaolong An; and Dina Risin.He has also admitted that his acts were planned and deliberate.What is left to be decided is whether  rendered Minassian either incapable of appreciating the nature and quality of his acts, or knowing what he did was wrong.To decide that, Callaghan said, the Crown and defence will be calling expert evidence including forensic psychiatrists. The defence psychiatric evidence will go first.But the trial began with an agreed statement of facts based on witness accounts and video evidence.What follows is a timeline of Minassian’s attack, based on the agreed statement of facts.All told, Minassian’s drove 2.6 kilometres between Yonge and Finch, where he began his attack, to Poyntz Avenue, where he was arrested. He drove on sidewalks for about 1.2 kilometres of that time.Minassian calls a Ryder rental location in Concord, Oct., and reserves a “10 foot, gas cargo panel van” for April 23, 2018 at 1 p.m.Minassian’s dad drops him off at a Chapters in Woodbridge. Minassian had lied that he was meeting a friend; instead, he walks four kilometres to the Ryder van rental location in Concord.Minassianarrives at the van rental location. “I thought I was getting a truck,” Minassian tells the front counter employee. He looks confused but ultimately says the van was OK. He says it’s for furniture.The van is signed out to Minassian, who gets help with how to put the vehicle in drive. He drives east on Highway 7 and then heads south on Yonge Street until he stops at a red light at the intersection of Yonge and Finch West.“He saw that a number of people were congregated on the west sidewalk of Yonge Street south of Finch Avenue West and it was at this point that he decided he was going to begin his ‘mission,’” Callaghan said Tuesday, citing a phrase used by Minassian .Minassian uses his cellphone to make a Facebook post, citing his real Canadian military infantry number. He writes: “Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010, wishing to speak to Sgt 4chan please. C23249161. The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!” The message is the first clue of Minassian’s link to the misogynist incel ideology, which glorifies mass murderers, .Minassian drives south through the Yonge and Finch intersection and onto the west sidewalk along Yonge Street towards a group of seven pedestrians.He kills Ji Hun Kim and So He Chung, both 22, and causes brain injuries, broken bones and other catastrophic injuries to those survive: Xiaolong An, 21, So Ra, 23, Hyeon Jeong Moon, 25, Jun Seok Park, 33, and Mavis Justino, 42.“He drove in one swift move and did not brake when he hit the pedestrians. At no point after hitting this first group of people did Minassian slow down or stop to render assistance to those he struck,” Callaghan said. “Instead Minassian accelerated as he drove over people.”Several bystanders try to perform first aid on Kim, but she does not survive.Near , Minassian is able to swerve around obstacles on the sidewalk at about 39-47 km/h.He hits Geraldine Brady, 83, who had just parked her car in front of a Shoppers Drug Mart. After passing Tolman Street, he runs over Eddie Kang, 45.“Minassian was travelling at an approximate speed of 47 km/h when he ran over Kang,” Callaghan said. “The van went by so fast that it shook a storefront window.”At , Minassian deliberately veers to hit Robert Anderson, 59. Minassian is driving so fast that the impact knocks the socks off Anderson’s feet and causes him serious injuries.Minassian then hits Betsy Forsyth, 94, from behind as she was using a walker.Near , Minassian continues south on the sidewalk striking Amir Kiumarsi, 52, and Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, 90 — it is unclear if it’s the van, or a fence the van hit, that threw Kozhevinikova to the ground. Minassan then drives towards , 67, slamming into her and the glass wall of a bus shelter.Dina Risin, 80, manages to almost dodge out of the way as she exits a Metro grocery but is struck by a side mirror.Minassian runs over Bob Tian, 28, fracturing his spine, and then veers back onto Yonge Street, crossing traffic into the northbound lanes but still heading south. He then hits Munir Najjar, 85, as Najjar crosses the street. The impact sends him flying nearly two metres into the air, according to a witness account. Najjar was pronounced dead at the scene.At Minassian crosses a median back into the southbound lanes on Yonge Street and drives back onto the sidewalk, hitting six pedestrians from behind. He runs over Beverly Smith, 81, requiring both her legs to be amputated above the knee; Anthony McDougall, 26, and Samantha Peart, 23, are knocked unconscious. Samantha Samson, 35, who was walking with her co-worker Anne Marie D’Amico, 30, is sent flying almost eight metres forward while D’Amico is pulled under the van. Minassian then runs over Renuka Amarasingha, 45, and her body is caught and dragged under the van. Both D’Amico and Amarasingha are killed.In front of, Minassian drives onto the sidewalk by a hot dog cart and begins speeding towards people. Amaresh Tesfamariam, 62, tries to get out of the way but she was knocked to the ground. Minassian drives into Dorothy Sewell, 80, from behind, lifting her onto the windshield and then running her over. Andrea Bradden, 33, was leaving Starbucks with another woman, Michelle Kelman. Kelman heard a commotion, turned and was just about to get out the van’s path, but Minassian drives over Bradden. Her drink is spilled over the van’s windshield, which Minassian later claims to police caused him to finally stop his killing spree — “I’ve kind of been foiled by a lack of visibility,” he said.Throughout the rampage, motorists honk and trying to warn pedestrians. One person tried to reach into the open driver’s window but Minassian sped up. People were running for their lives. Some hid behind light posts.Both the driver and passenger side van windows were open as people yelled at Minassian to stop.By this point, the van is seriously damaged and Minassian is hitting trees, a planter and other barriers.Minassian stops the van on Poyntz Avenue and gets out. Toronto police Const. Ken Lam is the only officer on the scene. In a brief confrontation, captured partially on Lam’s dash cam and by cellphone videos, Lam tells Minassian to get down.Instead, Minassian makes hand gestures that make it appear as if he has a gun. In an attempt to get Lam to shoot him, Minassian says: “I have a gun. Kill me now! Kill me now! Shoot me.” He whips his hand in a “down and out” motion pulling out, not a gun but a black square wallet and strides toward Lam.Lam raises his baton as if to strike Minassian and Minassian surrenders. He is handcuffed, placed under arrested and driven to nearby 32 Division.Over four hours, Minassian voluntarily to police. The video, in which he explains his “radicalization” into the incel movement and his desire to incite further violence, is a key part of establishing whether or not he is criminally responsible.
It’s been a month. So how exactly is Toronto doing? On Oct. 9, Toronto entered modified Stage 2 restrictions, closing high-risk venues to try to control the city’s fast-rising second wave of  infections. The measures were supposed to last 28 days, but the city asked for more time, extending the slate of controls until the end of this week. Monday marked exactly a month of modified Stage 2.In the meantime, the Ford government released a new  for implementing and removing new restrictions. On Saturday, Toronto is scheduled to move from the current slate of restrictions to the province’s “orange” level of intermediate measures. As proposed, the switch would reopen indoor dining, bars, and gyms, with capacity limits and liquor curfews.Days away from this deadline, the Star examined five important indicators to see how Toronto fared over the last several weeks and how strong a grip the pandemic has on the city. On Monday, Toronto notched another grim milestone: a jump of more than 500 new COVID cases in one day. The city recorded almost 1,350 confirmed cases in just three days. “These case count numbers are the most concerning I have seen here in Toronto since the pandemic started,” medical officer of health Dr. Eileen de Villa said at a press conference Monday.“I don’t think the current case counts point us towards relaxing the roadblocks we’re putting up in front of the virus,” she added, saying the city was in conversation with the province and would release an update Tuesday for how restrictions would evolve.Single-day numbers can be misleadingly high or low, so health experts prefer to compare the average number of new cases over a week. And to compare between regions with different populations, they typically compare the number of new cases per 100,000 residents.On Oct. 9, when Toronto entered modified Stage 2, the city had logged 64.4 cases per 100,000 over the previous week, according to the Star’s ongoing tally. On Monday, that number hit 94.5.Clearly, cases in Toronto are still rising. That doesn’t mean the 28 days of restrictions achieved nothing. In Toronto, the case curve went from double-black-diamond steep over much of September to more of a bumpy bunny hill in the month of October. (A late-September restriction on restaurants may have also helped.)In mid-October, the province’s science advisory table, a group of experts and health leaders, recommended introducing new public health measures for any region with more than 25 weekly cases per 100,000 residents.When the Ford government released a colour-coded framework for implementing and removing restrictions last week, the threshold for the red “control” zone was set at more than 100 weekly cases per 100,000 — far higher than what Toronto was seeing four weeks ago, when it introduced the measures that are now scheduled to be lifted on Friday. Toronto is set to enter the “orange” level of intermediate restrictions.The province said its framework would provide transparency while implementing a gradual approach that avoids total lockdowns. Epidemiologists and infectious diseases experts harshly criticized the framework, saying the measures it introduces would be too little, too late.“If you apply the framework as is, there is a 100 per cent chance we won’t get better,” Dr. Isaac Bogoch, an infectious diseases specialist at the University of Toronto, told the Star last week. “We may stay the same, but nobody will be surprised if we get worse.”But case counts alone are not enough to assess the state of an epidemic — these numbers are highly influenced by how much testing is happening and who can get tested. In October, Toronto saw a startling 158 per cent increase in COVID-19 cases compared to September. But testing in the Toronto region barely rose by just 1.5 per cent, with 203,145 tests in September compared to 206,279 in October.“The number of tests we need to perform (is) definitely substantially higher,” said Dr. Andrew Morris, an infectious diseases specialist with the Sinai Health system. “It just reflects the lack of an effective ‘test, trace, isolate’ strategy. It’s really disconnected.”From an epidemiological perspective, testing should have more closely tracked the surge in new infections that we saw in Toronto, Morris said.But barriers — like the shift to appointment-only testing in early October and confusing changes to testing criteria — likely had a countervailing effect, causing the number of tests to flatline even as new cases surged, he said.“We know there’s much more COVID,” said Dr. Jeff Powis, medical director of infection prevention and control at Michael Garron Hospital. “They’re just not seeking testing.”The fact that tests in Toronto slightly increased last month is of little comfort to Powis, who questions how many of those tests were done at COVID assessment centres. At Michael Garron’s testing site, swabs have dropped by about 50 per cent since the move to appointment-only testing, he said. He suggests that a lot of October’s tests may be linked to outbreaks, which have increased significantly in recent weeks. When a nursing home is in outbreak, residents and staff will be tested repeatedly and hospitals are also now testing more patients on admission in hopes of keeping outbreaks at bay, he said.“I suspect a lot of (October’s testing) was being driven by people trying to control outbreaks or prevent outbreaks,” he said. It’s unclear how many of October’s tests were also conducted at mobile testing sites, which were significantly ramped up last month to try to help communities that have been disproportionately affected by the pandemic but have stubbornly low testing rates. Ontario Health, the agency in charge of COVID testing, was unable to provide this figure by the Star’s deadline.Powis said the recent dropoff in swabs collected at his hospital’s assessment centre after the switch to appointment-based testing was motivation to push for a more targeted testing strategy in Michael Garron’s catchment area. Together with East Toronto Health Partners, have recently been launched in the city’s east end. Other hotspot areas in the city, like the northwest corner and Scarborough, are also making efforts to ramp up testing in areas showing signs of trouble.While October managed to avoid the nightmarish testing backlogs that plagued September, experts like Morris worry the province’s testing system is once again at risk as case counts continue to rise. “We are not that far away from overwhelming the testing system again,” he said. “Not because of unnecessary tests, but just because of the sheer volume of infected people. It’s a real problem.”Rising case counts and flatlining testing numbers have led to a predictable surge in another worrying indicator: test positivity rates, which refers to the percentage of tests that come back positive for COVID-19. For the city as a whole, the lab test positivity rate was 1.3 per cent at the beginning of September. It rose to 3.1 per cent by the week of Oct. 4, when the city entered Stage 2 restrictions, and is now at 4.8 per cent, according to the most recent available data.Toronto Public Health’s goal is to stay below three per cent; anything above that is considered by many jurisdictions to be cause for concern. But the citywide average also masks far more worrying numbers in certain areas and age groups.In early October, Toronto Public Health began reporting test positivity rates broken down by neighbourhood. The week of Oct. 4, no neighbourhoods were above 10 per cent test positivity, but three were close. These testing maps have only grown more worrisome. For the week of Oct. 18, the last week of complete data available, 10 neighbourhoods had test positivity above 10 per cent. Eight of those are in the northwest of Toronto, by far the hardest-hit region of the city in the pandemic so far. Two are in east Toronto, in south Scarborough and Thorncliffe Park. Breaking the citywide rate down by age groups shows similarly worrisome trends. Torontonians aged 10 to 19 have the highest test positivity of any age group, at over 10 per cent, according to provincial data. Next-highest is the 20-29 age group, at almost nine per cent. Test positivity in 80-plus-year-olds in Toronto sits at 7.9 per cent; four weeks ago it was at 2.3 percent.The rise in this oldest age group is the most concerning shift. Because this demographic is the most at risk for severe COVID-19, health experts have highlighted “spillover” in infections from younger age groups to older ones as a major threat to health-care system capacity. Over the last several days, Anthony Dale, CEO of the Ontario Hospital Association, has been on the phone with hospital officials. And the message he’s heard is loud and clear: “No one feels comfortable lifting public health measures in the city of Toronto.”He acknowledges that current hospital numbers may not paint an overly alarming picture to the general public. According to OHA data, Toronto-area hospitals had an average of 188 COVID-19 hospitalizations last week, and large hospital corporations like Sinai Health, Michael Garron and Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre had fewer than 10 each.But snapshot statistics like these fail to capture deeper pressures across the system, which last week showed its first sign of cracking when a  forced the hospital to cancel some elective surgeries and transfer patients to other health centres.As COVID cases rise, there are fears that William Osler’s experience could be a harbinger of what’s to come. Hospitals are already stretched thinner by worker shortages, a backlog of procedures and increasingly frequent COVID outbreaks.“Right now hospitals are fighting at 100 per cent occupancy, their labs are running 24/7, they’re playing catch-up on 150,000 surgeries that were cancelled in wave one,” Dale said. “It’s the illusion of stability right now. But beneath the surface, you look at the system as a whole, the trends are going all in the wrong way.”COVID hospitalization numbers are also a lagging indicator because they reflect what was happening in the community a number of weeks prior, Dale said. As other jurisdictions have seen, the disease is “lightning quick” — hospitals can rapidly go from quiet to overwhelmed.And some in Toronto’s hardest-hit areas are starting to feel the burn. In Toronto’s northwest corner, Humber River Hospital has seen a slow but steady uptick in patients since late September, said infectious diseases physician Dr. Ian Brasg.“What we’re seeing around the city, with hospitals needing to cancel elective surgeries — these are indicators of stress on the system,” he said. “To be opening up now in that context is very concerning.”On the other side of Toronto, COVID hospitalizations have quadrupled over the last month at Scarborough Health Network, which currently has 75 patients across the hospital’s three sites. That’s “about 20 per cent of the province’s admissions,” according to chief of medicine Dr. Elaine Yeung. “The numbers are definitely higher than the first wave,” Yeung said. “We are worried … we haven’t had to cancel elective surgeries at this point, but we’re watching things very, very closely.”Nursing homes were devastated in the pandemic’s first wave. By mid-summer, long-term-care residents represented two-thirds of Ontario’s total COVID deaths.In September, eight Toronto long-term-care homes declared an active outbreak, according to ministry data. In October, 26 did. Perhaps most worrying, another seven have declared outbreaks in November, almost as many as the whole month of September though only nine days have elapsed.An active outbreak can be declared after just one lab-confirmed COVID case in a resident or staff, and many of these have been small. But some have grown to the same sickening proportions as we saw in the spring. In September, two Toronto LTCs had outbreaks that infected over 40 residents. In October, five had outbreaks that large. It’s difficult to calculate exactly how many deaths resulted, because the ministry does not report exact numbers for any totals lower than five. But at least 50 residents died across both months combined. The province promised to gird nursing homes by creating more beds and hiring more staff, among other measures. A study that geriatrician Dr. Nathan Stall co-authored in August showed that the risk of a long-term-care outbreak was strongly linked to case numbers in the surrounding community. Responding to the province’s colour-coded framework — and its “red” zone threshold of over 100 weekly cases per 100,000 — Stall wrote that “Allowing this level of transmission will have catastrophic consequences for our(long-term-care) population.”
I’d really like Dave Wilkes to show his work when he claims that the dismantling of Ontario’s planning system is “very positive for our region.”Please demonstrate how recent changes to scale back agricultural system policies, lowering the standard for urban boundary expansions, and extending planning horizons is “preserving Ontario’s agricultural sector.”Wilkes calls on municipalities to “do their jobs,” even though they’re already challenged to do so with diminishing resources and a planning system that is shifting beneath them, but Minister Steve Clark’s proven his willingness to wave his magic planning wand and grant a Minister’s zoning order when pesky things like agricultural and wetland designations get in the way.Where is the “teamwork” in any of this?
As a psychologist, I continue to ask myself: How could so many millions vote for Trump? Many of his supporters have suspended critical thinking. Their blind loyalty has led them into beliefs about reality that are impermeable to facts. Opinions are opinions. But facts are facts.Trump says COVID-19 is not a serious threat. It will just go away.  The fact is, the spread of the virus is decreased by social distancing and by wearing masks. When we choose to adopt closed systems of belief, we join a cult and feel uplifted by the visceral intoxication of belonging.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news — or to sound like a character from a TV show featuring dragons — but winter is coming. And I’m dreading it.Adding piles of snow to continued COVID-19 restrictions is a recipe for a dreary season. Imagine a bitterly cold January day where most of the city’s businesses and venues remain largely off-limits and there’s a thick layer of snow and ice on the ground. Bone-chilling.My dread was only increased last week after the infrastructure and environment committee at Toronto city hall  brought by Coun. Josh Matlow and Coun. Mike Layton to . It’s a move that could have made it a little easier for a lot of us to get outside and get around this winter, but the committee rejected it.Instead, we’re left with the possibility of another winter dealing with a problem that has persisted for years. While most service levels were standardized when Toronto was amalgamated into existence in the late ’90s, the sidewalk snow clearing program was left out in the cold.In most of the city — including virtually all the suburban parts — the sidewalks are mechanically cleared by little snow plows. But  have long been deemed too challenging to plow with the city’s equipment, due to the narrow sidewalks in older neighbourhoods. In these areas, residents are responsible for shoveling the sidewalks outside their homes. You can even face a fine if you don’t.In practice, though, the system has never worked all that well. At the committee meeting held last Thursday, the city’s director of transportation Barbara Gray said in 2019 there were about 3,000 complaints about uncleared sidewalks, which led to 624 inspections and just 44 fines. By the time the city gets around to investigating most complaints, the snow is gone.And this isn’t likely to change this winter. The city’s bylaw inspectors and enforcement staff have their hands full already trying to manage an ever-shifting list of COVID-19 restrictions. What are the odds they manage to really step up sidewalk snow enforcement this coming season?At the committee meeting, councillors did hear that the city would continue a pilot program this winter designed to clear some currently unplowed sidewalks of snow. And a report will be coming on additional measures to clear more sidewalks. But that report isn’t due until the spring. Too late.That’s not going to cut it, especially with a pandemic winter ahead of us. If gyms remain restricted, a walk or run might be the only avenue for exercise people have. With crowded transit still making people nervous, more people will be looking to walk to get groceries and get to work. Sidewalks packed with snow and ice will make all that harder, especially for people who have disabilities affecting mobility. There’s still time to do better. While the committee voted against the motion brought by Matlow and Layton, there will be an opportunity to consider the subject again at this month’s council meeting.Quickly introducing a program to clear all these sidewalks of snow isn’t going to be easy, but the city does have options. A  estimated that the city could deploy crews to shovel the sidewalks that aren’t plowed for a cost of somewhere between $7.6 million and $10.8 million a year. That sounds like a lot, but consider also that the city  related to slips and falls on snowy or icy sidewalks and it starts to put the numbers in perspective.Mayor John Tory and councillors will have no one else to blame if they don’t act before the snow comes. This isn’t one of those issues where the city lacks the powers needed to take action. This is a city problem with a city hall solution. There’s a chance to make things a little easier for people as they deal with this dreary winter. Don’t let the opportunity slip away.
In Peel, small extended-family indoor gatherings of up to 10 people might be banned so high-risk businesses like restaurants, bars and gyms can reopen. This is Peel’s response to the new provincial rules. Toronto has said it won’t ban small private gatherings – yet – but strongly recommends against them. So older people, already so scared of getting sick that they haven’t seen friends or most family members for the better part of a year, should just accept not seeing their children and grandchildren over the coming holiday season so that other people can go to restaurants, bars and gyms? Having been a business owner, I understand how difficult this must be, but money would help owners and workers weather this crisis.  The Ford government is the most egregious example of knowing the cost of everything but the value of nothing.
1470 Mississauga Rd.,Indian and Mississauga Rds.$13,900,000101-by-352 feet, four-car attached garage, private double drive, in-ground pool$59,568 (2020)  7+3 (1 in in-law suite; 2 in coach house)8+3 (1 in in-law suite; 2 in coach house)This expansive luxury estate — custom designed for retired beer executive Hugo Powell and wife Tracy — features opulent highlights including a sunroom with 29-foot ceiling, an elevator, an imported greenhouse and a guest coach house.Built by Chatsworth Fine Homes in the exclusive Lorne Park neighbourhood, the French chateau/farmhouse design was inspired by the owners’ travels through France. The main mansion showcases walnut hardwood floors and reclaimed wood beams, four fireplaces, a primary bedroom with separate dressing room, ensuites in six bedrooms, and a full in-law suite.“About four years ago we knocked down the original main house that was built in 1961 and had our custom home built,” said Tracy Powell.“We built a four-car garage, with the addition of a one-bedroom apartment with an outdoor balcony above. We also lifted the existing guest house and moved it farther to the back of the property, which has a walkout to a private patio that overlooks the backyard,” added Powell.The home is walking distance to parks and schools, and is close to shopping, restaurants and a hospital. It has quick access to the Queen Elizabeth Way and Lakeshore Rd. W.“This estate resembles a grand French chateau and is a perfect multi-generational family property,” said listing agent Michael Phinney, referring to the in-law suite in the main residence and the guest coach house.“The grounds are accessed by a double set of gates, with an in-ground pool with fountains, and a greenhouse flown in from the United Kingdom in the private backyard,” added Phinney.With a stone and stucco exterior, the grand home features shutters, Juliette balconies, dormer windows and an arched stone entryway. A long double drive past landscaped gardens also leads to a four-car attached garage.Inside nine-foot, double mahogany doors is the foyer with a walk-in closet and two-piece bathroom.The expansive living room has a hardwood floor, a wood-beamed ceiling with chandelier, a wood-burning fireplace with floor-to-ceiling stone surround, large windows and a sliding glass-door walkout to the sunroom.Also with a hardwood floor and wood-beamed ceiling, the dining room includes a floor-to-ceiling exposed stone wall with a gas fireplace, large windows and a double garden-door walkout to the back patio.The sunroom features a 29-foot cathedral ceiling, a heated stone tile floor, a gas fireplace with stone surround, and a sliding glass-door walkout to the back patio.Highlights of the kitchen include a granite centre island and a long curved counter, marble-tile backsplash, a wood-beamed ceiling with three chandeliers, and built-in high-end stainless appliances.The main-floor master bedroom has a hardwood floor, gas fireplace with stone surround, a double French-door walkout to the back patio, large windows, two walk-in closets and a five-piece marble ensuite. There are two more bedrooms on the main floor.The main floor also has a laundry room, an elevator, a pantry, and a mudroom with pet shower, and an office.There are four bedrooms — all with walk-in closets and ensuites — on the second floor, plus a laundry room, an elevator, a central library and the in-law suite.The finished lower level includes a walk-in closet and two-piece bathroom, a recreation room/games room with wet bar and gas fireplace, an exercise room, a craft room with wet bar, a studio, three storage rooms, a cold room and a walkout to the backyard.To have a look at this property contact listing agent Michael Phinney, Royal LePage Real Estate Services Loretta Phinney, Brokerage. 905-618-0707; 
Up until a few weeks ago, Canadian snowbird Diane Rood and her husband, Theo, weren’t sure if they were going to be able to make it to their winter getaway in Florida this year, given the COVID-19-related restrictions on crossing the border by car.“I have arthritis. The thought of staying in Canada with our cold, damp weather just seemed inconceivable,” she said. The couple from Lambton Shores, Ont., who always drive to Florida, contemplated taking a commercial flight. But that would mean not having a vehicle when they arrived. Plus, they’d have to leave their beloved black Labrador, Abby, behind.After listening to his mother’s gripes, Jeremy Rood, a helicopter pilot with Great Lakes Helicopter in Cambridge, Ont., got in touch with a friend, Greg McClay, who operates a commercial trucking business, GRM Transportation, out of Dorchester, Ont. It turned out his grandparents were facing the same dilemma.After some brainstorming, they came up with a solution. McClay would take snowbirds’ personal vehicles across the border on his flatbed truck to the Buffalo airport, while Rood would transport the cars’ owners — plus any pets — over the border in his helicopter to the same airport. Once landed, the owners could just get in their vehicles and be on their way, making the roughly 2,000-kilometre drive to Florida.“This solved all of our problems,” Rood’s mother said Monday.“It went as smooth as silk. … Within minutes, we were out of the helicopter and at our car.”Since advertising their solution on the Canadian Snowbirds in Florida Facebook group recently, Rood and McClay say they’ve received hundreds of inquiries. They’ve already done a handful of trips and, as of Monday afternoon, had an additional 35 to 40 trips booked.“It’s been an exceptional year. We have a roadblock that’s been put in place. But there’s a way around it. We’re doing this to get people down there, so they can enjoy and be healthier. That makes me happy,” Rood said.“It’s not a loophole,” he added. “We’re just operating within the means of the system.”Rood said he checked with U.S. authorities beforehand to make sure everything was legal.“It’s completely permissible,” he said. “The Americans welcome us with smiles. … They’re happy to have us.”Asked for comment, U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesperson Jason Givens told the Star to review the U.S. travel restrictions.Those regulations currently restrict entry into the U.S. via the land border to people engaged in “essential travel.” That includes those in need of medical treatment, going to school or work in the U.S., public health workers, truck drivers and military families.“Essential travel does not include tourism purposes, such as sightseeing, recreation, gambling, or attending cultural events.”The current restrictions are in place until at least Nov. 21. After the Star pressed for a more direct answer, a U.S. customs official replied: “If a Canadian’s vehicle is legitimately imported to the U.S. and the Canadian flies in, that is not considered a violation of the travel restrictions.”The U.S. Centers for Disease Control did not respond to a request for comment. Representatives of the Canada Border Services Agency and the Public Health Agency of Canada referred inquiries to their U.S. counterparts.Currently, Rood and McClay are charging their clients $1,900 — $1,200 for the helicopter flight and $700 for the ground transport. They currently fly from Hamilton to Buffalo but are looking to add another route from Windsor to Detroit.“I bet you I got 200 phone calls in the first few days. It was so much to keep up with. I’m on the phone for five minutes and you get three other calls,” McClay said.McClay said he can transport as many as three vehicles on his trailer at one time. Owners need to provide him with a detailed list of personal belongings they’ve packed in their vehicles to present to customs officers.McClay said he’s also co-ordinated a few trips with another carrier, BlueStar Air Services, which takes snowbirds from London to Detroit.Owner Ryan Charlton said he can take as many as six people at a time in his fixed-wing aircraft. He charges a flat rate of $2,500 for the flight.“The (U.S.) customs people are very happy to see us. They say, ‘Enjoy our country and enjoy Florida.’ It’s kind of refreshing for these snowbirds, for sure.”Because snowbirds tend to be older, they like the safety of travelling in a private plane, perhaps with a few close friends, and avoiding the congested airport terminals, he said.“We’re just playing by the rules, right?” Charlton said. “Those are the rules. The land border is closed. You’re still allowed to fly. That’s not necessarily a loophole. That’s just what’s legal right now.”Colleen Bobor of Stratford, Ont., said she doesn’t see any issues either.She and her father, Grant Brunne of Beaverton, Ont., took one of Rood’s helicopter rides last Friday to Buffalo along with Brunne’s Shih Tzu, Mojo, and her Cockapoo, Buddy. It was their first time on a helicopter.“My dad, it was a thrill for him. He was so excited,” Bobor said.She said she was getting worried whether they would be able to make their annual trip this year to their place in Bonita Springs, Fla. There was no way her father would’ve flown without his dog, she said.“It was wonderful. I can’t say enough good about it.”Meanwhile, Diane Rood said she and her husband are isolating comfortably in their home in Cape Coral, Fla.“I’m at my home. I’ve got my groceries. I’ve got my dog. I’m as happy as can be,” she said.“We’re grateful to be here. It was so easy for us. No stress whatsoever.”
 Tough choice. If you believe that pursuing the conversation over these seeming trivial differences will further upset her, it seems unwise to go that route. Like blowing on embers to put out fire, only to watch flames increase.But, if you walk away from each of these incidents, there’s still that heavy wedge between you and possibly pushing you farther apart.My initial go-to for sudden changes in what’s formerly been a partner’s reliable behaviour and reactions, is concern for her/his well-being. I ponder the no-blame possibilities: e.g. a physical, internal matter that could range from headaches to hormones (men have them, too, a.k.a. irritable male syndrome).That’s when the response that’s safest is to show interest that isn’t accusatory, in how your spouse is feeling in general. If possible, suggesting that it’s time for her annual checkup might be helpful, especially if you also book one for yourself. If the pandemic plus flu-season have made such doctor visits hard to get, so be it. But just raising the matter might get a conversation going about whether something internal and/or emotional is involved.Speaking of COVID-19, we all have enough reasons to believe that still dealing with its threat may be making anyone jittery.Again, be caring more than concerned. Consider some tension easers — more virtual contact with people you enjoy, more entertainment online through beloved favourites among classical and/or popular music, classic theatre productions, absorbing TV and streamed series.If nothing works over a reasonable time frame (a month, say), mental-health help should be considered and/or marital counselling for both.  “I used to work in a seniors home. One activity I introduced was reading advice columns and have residents give their input/judgment. Even on your advice. The residents and staff really enjoyed it.”  Glad to have been part of it!When a normally happy partner turns argumentative, look first for non-blaming reasons of health changes, and/or pressures from the pandemic.
As Remembrance Day approaches in this, the 75th year of the end of the Second World War, I was reading the 609 letters my parents wrote while they were apart and was struck by the similarities between then and now — how they made their own fun, how people came together for a common cause, and how loved ones communicated, all the while looking to the future when it would be over.Much of what Helen Reeder and her fiancé Harry Culley did to keep their love alive could be helpful to us in these uncertain times. Just as online music performances have enriched our lives during the pandemic, in those years, music elevated their spirits. Helen listened to radio shows after her work at the TTC. In one letter she asked if he’d heard Frank Sinatra’s new song “I’m Beginning to See the Light.”As a clarinetist and saxophonist with the RCAF band, Harry brought music to the Allies with the mandate of keeping up morale by dancing. They played for the king and queen, accompanied Irving Berlin, and made recordings at the BBC for the troops in Europe.During the past months, communities have helped by making masks for the vulnerable and collecting for the food bank. During the Second World War, Helen and her friends knitted socks and pooled their rationed supplies to bake Christmas cookies for parcels — everyday activities parlayed for the greater good. After performing at a hospital for burned war victims, Harry wrote that he had never seen more horrible cases and that his own petty concerns paled in comparison. He said he would forever be in debt to those who had sacrificed their lives. I echo his sentiment, thankful for so far being spared this virus.During the pandemic, many have Zoomed and Facetimed to stay connected. Helen and Harry wrote frequently. She counted and reread all his letters, sparking his reply: “I laughed at you counting my letters darling. It would take me hours to count yours, but I have every one of them — all our love has been built up around those bits of paper and I couldn’t bear to tear them up.”As with the pandemic, no one knew how long the war would last. What sustained my parents was the hope that things would get better even when it seemed that they were getting worse. In 1944, after the “Little Blitz” in London, Harry wrote, “I wonder how many more thousands of miles we’ll have to travel before this war is over?” Thinking of the Second World War reminds us that our society has survived other challenges. Perhaps years from now we’ll look back on this as a pivotal moment that set us on a course to a more sustainable future, similar to the postwar years. And maybe, as with Nov. 11, a day will be set aside to remember those lost to COVID-19. 
How does a democracy make that gradual shift to authoritarianism?Majority governments with whipped votes, and the bribing of MPs for their support, has Canada on the same slippery slope.With first-past-the-post voting, parties can gain a majority with the support of less than 40 per cent of the electorate and most voters wishes have no impact on the running of the country.Once in parliament, MPs aren’t permitted to represent their constituents, but are forced to vote along party lines. Only if we get proportional representation and ban whipped votes will we shift our government away from authoritarianism and back toward being a true democracy.
The ‘when’ has been answered, now the big question is where? The  formally announced key dates leading to a Dec. 22 start of the 2020-21 season but left unclear is where the  will play. A deal finalized with the players’ association has determined: All of that had been expected and by formalizing the deal now it brings clarity to the process. It does not, however, deal yet with the issue of a home for the Raptors, who are working with the NBA to come up with a plan to satisfy Canadian governments to ease cross-border restrictions and allow Toronto to play its games in Scotiabank Arena. If that fails, the Raptors will have to seek out a potential secondary home to at least start the season. A group of predictable locations – Newark N.J,, Kansas City, Mo., Nashville, Tenn., and Buffalo, N.Y. – are on a list but nothing has moved too forward since the Raptors’ overwhelming desire is to play at home. The league hopes to have at least some fans in its arenas to start the season but local restrictions for COVID-19 concerns will be the final determining factor if tickets can be sold and fans in attendance. The finalizing of free agency dates is also key for the Raptors. Three of their top six players – Fred VanVleet, Serge Ibaka and Marc Gasol – can all go elsewhere if they want but the Raptors now know the exact financial parameters they are dealing with. The accelerated official negotiation period – it’s usually about a week, not two days – will also force teams to act more quickly to secure key free agents than they usually would. 
 British Columbia reported 525 new COVID-19 cases on Tuesday, pushing the number of active infections to 5,133, while the number of people in hospital has grown to 142.Three more people have died, bringing the death toll in B.C. to 284.In a joint statement, provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry and Health Minister Adrian Dix say 9,781 people are under public health monitoring after exposure to a known case and health-care outbreaks are ongoing at 33 long-term care homes and six acute-care facilities.Dr. Anthony Fauci said Tuesday that a COVID-19 vaccine will likely be widely available by April, a promising prediction that arrives after drugmaker Pfizer said its shot appears to be highly effective.Responding to a query from CNN news anchor Jake Tapper about the timeline for far-reaching vaccine availability, the government's top infectious disease expert replied: "We're talking probably by April.""These are just guesstimates," Fauci, 79, explained. "I believe that within the first quarter."The first quarter of the calendar concludes at the end of March.The prediction from the Brooklyn-born immunologist raises hopes that the U.S. will dodge another bummer pandemic summer. But it will curb few fears about a difficult winter ahead.Officials with Metro Vancouver's transportation network say TransLink will be the first system in North America to test the use of anti-microbial copper on high-touch surfaces to better understand and reduce transmission of COVID-19 and other illnesses.The four-week pilot project is part of a study examining the effectiveness of different copper-based products and a protective coating that are to be installed on two SkyTrains and two buses in Vancouver, TransLink CEO Kevin Desmond said on Tuesday.Dr. Marthe Charles, a medical microbiologist with Vancouver Coastal health, said copper is toxic for micro-organisms and the coatings on high-touch surfaces will be tested twice each week to determine how well they work.Teck Resources Ltd. is paying for the initial pilot project, which the mining company's president Don Lindsay said costs about $90,000.Desmond said TransLink's ridership is about 42 per cent of pre-pandemic levels and that's roughly where it has levelled off since August.The new 28-day restrictions — announced by Toronto’s chief medical officer of health Dr. Eileen De Villa — aim to stem the record COVID numbers Toronto’s been seeing. The restrictions include extensions of a ban on indoor gym and yoga classes, cinemas, casinos and event spaces, as well as extending a ban on indoor dining and drinking, just as the weather cools off and patio season winds down.That, said Joyal, could spell the end for some Ascari properties.“I’ve got landlords breathing down my neck for November rent, and the rent subsidies haven’t come through yet,” said Joyal, referring to the new , unveiled in early October by the federal government.“It’s unacceptable. This city is killing small businesses,” tweeted Celina Blanchard, owner of Lambretta Pizzeria.Restaurants Canada vice president James Rilett said restaurant owners are terrified. Some owners had hoped Toronto would reopen indoor dining by this weekend as had been previously been scheduled, or at worst extend the ban another week, Rilett said. Many will now go out of business permanently, Rilett predicted.Richmond’s temporary patio program—recently extended for another year—has been a big success for the businesses that implemented it.“(It) was a tremendous help during a very tough time,” says Sachi, manager of Shady Island Bar & Grill in Steveston, who asked that her surname not be used.The temporary patio program was initially introduced by the city in May in response to the continuing COVID-19 pandemic. Shady Island opened its space in June, and it proved to be the restaurant’s most popular area over the summer. Sachi adds the city was helpful if any questions arose, and staff “definitely was trying to assist struggling businesses the best they could.”Shady Island installed heaters last winter, but due to the restaurant’s location it is unable to add coverings or more heaters, so usage will be weather permitting over the winter months.Outbreaks at two shelters have left Calgary's homeless terrified to come in out of the cold for fear of catching COVID-19, says a group that helps people living on the streets.Be The Change YYC provides food, water, blankets, hygiene supplies, tents and tarps three nights a week in the city's downtown.Founder Chaz Smith said virus outbreaks at the Calgary Drop-In Centre and Alpha House have left the homeless facing a difficult choice."Do you freeze or do you potentially risk catching COVID?" Smith said in an interview with The Canadian Press.He said the group helped 47 people Sunday night after some snow and cold winds hit the city. One person in particular stood out.Smith said a man broke down into tears when faced with the possibility of going to a shelter."It's never fun when you have a man in his 40s just break down and start crying and say, 'I don't want to go into the shelter' because he's so terrified," he said."He really, really didn't want to go."The individual was eventually persuaded to go to a shelter along with four others."They were just so cold they didn't have any other choice."More than 1,200 people with COVID-19 are in hospital beds in Minnesota, which is facing an escalating surge of the pandemic.Rising infection numbers have increased the pressure on hospitals, with the Minnesota Department of Health on Tuesday reporting 23 new deaths and 4,906 new infections with the coronavirus that causes COVID-19. Totals in the pandemic are 2,698 deaths and 189,681 confirmed and probable infections.Diagnostic testing has increased, with Minnesota adding its latest free saliva testing sites at the Minneapolis Convention Center and the MSP Airport. However, the positivity rate of diagnostic testing has reached 12 per cent — up from 5 per cent just a month ago — indicating an increased rate of viral transmission regardless of the amount of testing.The single-day record of hospitalizations with the infectious disease includes 249 people placed in intensive care due to breathing problems or other complications, according to the state's pandemic response dashboard.The U.S. has surpassed 1 million new confirmed coronavirus cases in just the first 10 days of November, with more than 100,000 infections each day becoming the norm in a surge that shows no signs of slowing.The 1 million milestone came as governors across the nation are making increasingly desperate pleas with the public to take the fight against the virus more seriously. The Wisconsin governor planned to take the unusual step of delivering a live address to the state Tuesday, urging unity and co-operation to fight COVID-19.Minnesota’s governor ordered bars and restaurants to close at 10 p.m., and Iowa’s governor said she will require masks at indoor gatherings of 25 or more people, inching toward more stringent measures after months of holding out.The alarming wave of cases across the U.S. looks bigger and is more widespread than the surges that happened in the spring, mainly in the Northeast, and then in the summer, primarily in the Sun Belt. But experts say there are also reasons to think the nation is better able to deal with the virus this time around.“We’re definitely in a better place” when it comes to improved medical tools and knowledge, said William Hanage, a Harvard University infectious-disease researcher.Newly confirmed infections in the U.S. are running at all-time highs of well over 100,000 per day, pushing the running total to more than 10 million and eclipsing 1 million since Halloween.Several states posted records Tuesday, including more than 12,000 new cases in Illinois, 7,000 in Wisconsin and 6,500 in Ohio.Deaths — a lagging indicator, since it takes time for people to get sick and die — are climbing again, reaching an average of more than 930 a day.Hospitals are getting slammed. And unlike the earlier outbreaks, this one is not confined to a region or two. Cases are on the rise in 49 states.“The virus is spreading in a largely uncontrolled fashion across the vast majority of the country,” said Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious-disease expert at Vanderbilt University.San Francisco health officials announced Tuesday that they would be rolling back several coronavirus reopenings, meaning that indoor dining will be suspended, capacity at gyms and theaters will be reduced and the city's high schools will have to wait to reopen.The city has one of the state's lowest rates of coronavirus cases and deaths and was not forced by state health officials to implement the new restrictions. But health authorities have noticed a recent uptick in cases and decided to act to prevent another surge of infections.The new restrictions, which go into effect Friday at 11:59 p.m. Pacific time, represent another blow to the city's famed restaurant industry."Unfortunately, we've been in this for a long time now, and people are tired and people have gotten complacent," said Mayor London Breed, who has received national acclaim, and some local blowback, for her handling of the coronavirus.Unlike many cities statewide, San Francisco has regularly been more restrictive than state mandates in reopening its economy. The payoff has come with a low infection rate, resulting in San Francisco becoming the first urban center in California to enter the least restrictive tier for reopening.Yet over the last two weeks, health authorities have noticed a rise in the positivity rate for coronavirus that gives them concern. Although they still will allow certain schools to remain open, or reopen, they are ordering high schools to take a pause before resuming classes.In a news conference Tuesday, Breed and San Francisco's public health director, Dr. Grant Colfax, also warned San Franciscans to take heed as the holidays approach, recommending cessation of nonessential travel, and to limit holiday gatherings only to household members.Toronto residents should stay home as much as possible to combat surging COVID-19 infections, city officials said Tuesday, as they announced the extension of several restrictions including a ban on indoor restaurant dining and indoor fitness classes.The city's top doctor, Eileen de Villa, said the restrictions -- which also include a continued shutdown of casinos, bingo halls and event spaces -- will remain in place for another 28 days after they were to expire on Saturday.De Villa also issued "strong recommendations" for residents to limit their close contact to those in their household and one or two "essential supports," and stay home except for necessary activities such as shopping for groceries. She urged people to work from home whenever possible."The spread of COVID-19 has never been greater in Toronto," and residents should behave as if the virus is everywhere, she said.She pointed to recent data that shows 5.9 per cent of the city's COVID-19 tests came back positive in the first week of November, and "alarming" case counts in recent days.Mayor John Tory said Monday that Toronto would impose an enhanced suite of measures to curb the spread of the virus as the city transitions to the province's new colour-coded system for pandemic rules.The measures now being extended were first enacted last month by the Ontario government at the request of Toronto health officials.On Nov. 9, three elementary schools in Woodbridge reported new cases of COVID-19.Blue Willow Public School of York Region District School Board and St. Veronica Elementary School and St. Mary of the Angels Catholic Elementary School, of York Catholic District School Board reported the cases.Thornhill's Brownridge Public School also has a new case of the virus.Bur Oak Secondary School in Markham has a new case, while another Markham school, San Lorenzo Ruiz Catholic Elementary School, has two new cases, and two of its classrooms have been closed.Five schools in Richmond Hill also reported new cases of COVID-19.Roselawn Public School has two new cases, while Ross Doan Public School has one, bringing the total confirmed cases there to seven. Father Henri Nouwen Catholic Elementary School has a new case of COVID-19 and four of its classrooms have been closed, St. Anne Catholic Elementary School has one new case, and St. John Paul II Catholic School has one confirmed case and one closed classroom.Good Shepherd Catholic Elementary School in East Gwillimbury has reported one new case.Although St. Joan of Arc Catholic High School in Vaughan has one confirmed case, two classrooms have been closed.Yukon's chief medical health officer is cautioning against travel to British Columbia as COVID-19 cases in the province spike.Dr. Brendan Hanley says while Yukon's boundary with B.C. remains open, officials are keeping a close eye on crossings."If you are planning to attend a gathering, a wedding or a funeral in B.C., I ask that you rethink your visit," Hanley said at a news conference Tuesday."Ask yourself if the gathering will be still able to go forward with the new restrictions. Are you able to attend virtually, or will the gathering be rescheduled?"Bans in B.C. related to social gatherings, group fitness, workplaces and travel in the Vancouver Coastal and Fraser health regions began Saturday and are to be in effect until Nov. 23.Moraine Hills Public School in Richmond reported two new cases of COVID-19 and Richmond Green Secondary School reported one Nov. 9.Six schools in Markham — David Suzuki Public School, James Robinson Public School, Middlefield Collegiate Institute, Pierre Elliot Trudeau High School, Sam Chapman Public School and Sir John A. Macdonald Public School — also reported new confirmed cases of the virus.Meanwhile Discovery Public School in Maple and Wendat Village Public School in Stouffville each reported one new case over the weekend.All of these schools remain open. Public Health will communicate directly with those who had contact with the cases. York Region District School Board says all appropriate measures are being taken.Ottawa will immediately provide more than $61 million to help Indigenous communities in Manitoba fight the COVID-19 pandemic, a move that Indigenous Services Minister Marc Miller said was prompted by the province's alarming rise in cases."When we see the number of hospitalizations off reserve in places like Winnipeg, you see a disproportionate amount of Indigenous Peoples that are hospitalized," Miller said in an interview Tuesday.The new money will support public health measures, food security and other surge capacity needs. Indigenous Services Canada is mobilizing people to do contact tracing and sending equipment to affected communities.The funding will include $38 million for public health services, $3 million for personal care homes, $3.4 million for community infrastructure improvements and $17 million for Indigenous communities on reserve.Miller said Indigenous chiefs in Manitoba asked the government recently for more financial support to bolster their COVID-19 pandemic plans."I am a representative and minister of the federal government and the trust that Indigenous communities have towards us is very thin, sometimes, deservedly so," he said.On Nov. 5, Bill Hogarth Secondary School in Markham and Rosedale Heights Public School in Thornhill each reported one new case of COVID-19, while Ross Doan Public School in Richmond Hill reported two more cases.Public Health will communicate directly with those who had contact with the cases. York Region District School Board says all appropriate measures are being taken.For up to date information on active cases in York Region, please see the map of COVID-19 cases, closed classes and outbreaks in York Region schools and child-care centres.York Region Public Health reminds students and families not to enter school if they are feeling sick or have had close contact with a confirmed case or with someone who is showing symptoms of COVID-19. Smaller communities in Southwestern Ontario are finding alternative ways to honour veterans with Remembrance Day ceremonies mostly cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.In St. Marys, banners honouring veterans hang throughout the town of about 7,300.“It’s been fantastic. It really has been a very positive reaction,” said Tom Jenkins, president of the St. Marys Legion. “You see people all the time stopping, some folks just wandering around town, checking them out.”It’s a happy coincidence that the banner project coincided with a year that would see most Remembrance Day ceremonies cancelled, Jenkins said.The St. Marys Legion usually holds a parade, but this year wreaths will be laid in advance for an invitation-only ceremony at the cenotaph.The idea for the veteran banners came after seeing them in other small towns, like Mitchell and Seaforth, Jenkins said.New York reported an uptick in coronavirus cases and hospitalizations Tuesday that the state has not seen for months.Nearly 150 people were hospitalized a day earlier, bringing the statewide total to 1,548 — a number not seen since mid-June.Another 32 New Yorkers died of the virus on Monday, according to Gov. Andrew Cuomo, who warned against "COVID fatigue" and encouraged people to take precautions seriously as cases continued to rise across the country."While we may be tired of COVID, it is not tired of us," the governor said. "It's clear that COVID fatigue and a lack of compliance leads to viral spread, so it's more important than ever that as we prepare for winter, each of us stays smart and New York Tough by taking simple everyday actions like washing hands, wearing masks and socially distancing."Cuomo also said local governments need to keep up on enforcing coronavirus measures.The state reported the results of 128,036 tests on Monday, with 3,965 — or 3.09 per cent — coming back positive.That's the highest positivity rate the state has seen since May 26 and the largest number of new cases since May 1, according to Department of Health data.However, the governor's office cited data from Johns Hopkins University that shows New York had the nation's third-lowest positivity rate over the past week — trailing only Vermont and Maine for the lowest number of cases reported.A new type of test can detect a person’s immune response to the coronavirus better than a widely used antibody test, according to research released on Tuesday.The test, if authorized by the Food and Drug Administration, would be the first commercial product to detect the response of a T cell — a type of immune cell — to the virus. Antibodies have dominated the conversation on immunity since the start of the pandemic, but scientists believe that T cells may be just as important in preventing reinfection.The test was developed by a Seattle-based company, Adaptive Biotechnologies, which used small blood samples from 1,000 people across 25 metropolitan areas in the United States as well as another 3,500 participants from Europe, to create a test that can detect a recent or past infection of the coronavirus.The company’s data have not yet been reviewed for publication in a scientific journal, but experts say the work is promising for assessing T cells’ role in the illness caused by the coronavirus.Florida, again one of the nation's coronavirus hot spots, reported Tuesday that another 4,353 people tested positive for COVID-19 in the state.Even with Tropical Storm Eta forcing many testing sites to close in recent days, the state is showing no signs of letting up on a three-week trend of rising virus cases and hospitalizations.Just in the past seven days, the Florida Department of Health reported 6,820 new cases Sunday, the most since mid-August, 5,245 cases on Friday and 6,257 cases on Thursday.Public health experts blame the increases on factors that include the Sept. 25 removal of restrictions on bars and restaurant capacities, and more people not following advice from doctors to maintain social distancing and wear facial coverings.As of the latest official numbers Tuesday, Florida has confirmed 852,174 total cases of COVID-19.Also, the state reported another 69 deaths from the virus, lifting the total number of fatalities in Florida to 17,460.Yukon's chief medical health officer is cautioning against travel to British Columbia as COVID-19 cases in the province spike.Dr. Brendan Hanley says while Yukon's boundary with B.C. remains open, officials are keeping a close eye on crossings."If you are planning to attend a gathering, a wedding or a funeral in B.C., I ask that you rethink your visit," Hanley said at a news conference Tuesday."Ask yourself if the gathering will be still able to go forward with the new restrictions. Are you able to attend virtually, or will the gathering be rescheduled?"Bans in B.C. related to social gatherings, group fitness, workplaces and travel in the Vancouver Coastal and Fraser health regions began Saturday and are to be in effect until Nov. 23.On Monday, the province reported 998 new cases of COVID-19 over a two-day period. There were 4,891 active infections and five deaths for a total of 281.Hanley said keeping the boundary open minimizes "societal disruption."About 200 people cross the border every day and about half are from Yukon, he said. The others are either B.C. residents or people coming through the province from other jurisdictions."We have not had any cases that can be attributed to the B.C. bubble arrangement," Hanley said. "We're still doing OK and we still continue to closely monitor."The arrangement allows residents of B.C., Yukon, the Northwest Territories and Nunavut to travel back and forth freely without self-isolating.However, Hanley recommended that residents returning to Yukon from particularly hard-hit areas in B.C., such as the Lower Mainland, should self-isolate, monitor for symptoms and get tested if they develop any.Hanley also updated health and safety guidelines for all kindergarten to Grade 12 students in the territory.Students will now be required to maintain a one-metre distance between each other in classrooms. Masks will be required — not just recommended — in common areas including hallways, cafeterias, libraries and corridors.Yukon officials also said they will continue to stay on a modified arrangement for the rest of the school year for Grades 10 to 12. Students receive half-day, in-class instruction and the remainder away from school five days a week.Education Minister Tracy-Anne McPhee said the territory would have to hire up to 60 additional staff if students were to return for full-time, face-to-face classes."We do not have the adequate spacing or staff resources to accommodate a full-time return to class for Grades 10 to 12 students here in Whitehorse," she said."And I want to be clear, it is not that we don't have the funding for dozens of additional staff. The staff are just not available."Nova Scotia Health Public Health is warning of a possible exposure to COVID-19 on an Oct. 28 Air Canada flight from Montreal to Halifax.Officials say passengers in seats A, B and C sitting in rows 20 to 26 on Air Canada flight 7558 departing Montreal at 1:45 p.m. are more likely to have been exposed.Those passengers are asked to call 811 for advice and to continue to self-isolate.Officials say anyone exposed on this flight could develop symptoms up to and including Nov. 11.The city of Toronto will extend its ban on indoor dining, group fitness classes and event spaces as COVID-19 cases surge, according to medical officer of health Dr. Eileen de Villa.De Villa also made a “strong” recommendation for residents to restrict their social gatherings to household only, similar to the recommendations set by Peel’s officer of health late last week, along with asking companies to continue allowing their employees work from home.WorkSafeBC is stepping up inspections and consultations at workplaces in B.C.'s two most populous regions as COVID-19 cases rise.The agency is urging employers in the Vancouver Coastal and Fraser health regions to review and update their COVID-19 safety plans.It says workplaces that carry the highest risk for COVID-19 transmission are being prioritized for inspections, including sites where it's difficult to maintain safe distances apart and where workers interact with large numbers of people or come into contact with shared surfaces and tools.Vancouver Coastal Health is warning of two possible exposures to COVID-19 in Whistler at Earls Kitchen and Bar during operating hours between Oct. 31 and Nov. 6 and Buffalo Bill's Bar and Grill on Oct. 31. Health officials in Nova Scotia are reporting three new cases of COVID-19.The province is now dealing with 18 active cases, 15 of which were reported in the past week.The small but sudden spike has prompted the province to impose tougher restrictions on the 14-day isolation period for people who enter Nova Scotia from outside the Atlantic region.One of the new cases is related to travel outside of Atlantic Canada but the other two are linked to a cluster of new cases in Clayton Park, in the west end of Halifax.Nova Scotia has recorded 1,132 cases of COVID-19 and 65 deaths, and 1,049 people have recovered.Yukon officials say they do not have the space or staff to accommodate a full-time return to class for students in grades 10 to 12 in Whitehorse.Education Minister Tracy-Anne McPhee says current health and safety guidelines to fight COVID-19 would require classes in multiple locations other than schools and the territory would have to hire up to 60 more people.She says students will remain on a modified schedule for the rest of the school year.Yukon's chief medical health officer Dr. Brendan Hanley says students will now have to maintain a one-metre distance from each other in classrooms and masks will not will be not just recommended but required in common areas including hallways, cafeterias, libraries and corridors.Yukon reports no current cases of COVID-19.Police in London, Ont., say they’ve charged two people in relation to a large Halloween house party near Western University.Police say officers arrived at a local residence in the early hours of Oct. 31 and found more than 100 people there.Const. Sandasha Bough says the residence is located close to Western University but she wouldn’t say whether the two charged are students.Police say they obtained information from witnesses and are working with the city and local public health unit as they continue their investigation.A 23-year-old man from London, Ont., is charged with hosting a nuisance party under a city bylaw, and participating and hosting an indoor gathering exceeding 10 people, in violation of the Reopening Ontario Act.A 24-year-old man, also from London, Ont., was charged with participating in an indoor gathering that exceeded 10 people.The two men are scheduled to appear in court on Jan. 25.Tuesday evening, Western University wanted to provide this statement from Jennie Massey, the associate vice-president of student experience, to give context to the item:Manitoba health officials are reporting 383 new cases of COVID-19, five additional deaths and a record number of people in hospital with the coronavirus.The province says 207 COVID-19 patients are in hospital, 30 of them in intensive care.Manitoba's recent surge of cases has prompted the government to impose a wide range of restrictions, including the closure of in-store shopping at non-essential retail outlets, that will take effect Thursday.Prince Edward Island is reporting one new case of COVID-19.The new case is a woman in her 20s who is a close contact of a previously identified case.Health officials say the province now has three active cases and all three people are self-isolating and experiencing mild symptoms.Prince Edward Island has had 67 confirmed cases of COVID-19 since the onset of the pandemic, and all have been travel-related.Quebec Premier François Legault says he’s maintaining partial lockdown orders affecting most of the province until at least Nov. 23.Legault said today the slight uptick in daily infections across the province justifies keeping bars, gyms, entertainment venues and restaurant dining areas closed across most of Quebec.He says while Montreal and Quebec City are stable, the situation in five regions — including Saguenay and Lanaudière — are especially worrying.The premier is also warning managers of long-term care homes they will be held responsible if they cannot keep COVID-19 outbreaks under control inside their residences.Long-term-care advocates and unions are raising concerns about Ontario’s plan to introduce a new job category to help with staffing issues in long-term-care homes.The government launched a recruitment effort this week to help homes recruit what it calls resident support aides.The Ministry of Long-term Care says the goal is to offer employment to hospitality workers who may have lost their jobs during the pandemic.The government says the workers would help with recreational activities and during meal times, and co-ordinate residents’ visits with family.The government says the workers would help with recreational activities and during meal times, and co-ordinate residents’ visits with family.Jane Meadus, of the Advocacy Centre for the Elderly, says the new hires won’t have the same level of training as personal supporter and yet work with seniors with complex needs.The Canadian Union of Public Employees says the workers are likely to end up providing care not in their job descriptions because homes are short staffed.The Manitoba government is bringing in widespread restrictions across the province in an effort to stop a surge of COVID-19 cases.Starting Thursday, non-essential retail outlets will be limited to curbside pickup and delivery, churches will not be allowed to hold in-person services, and people will be forbidden from social gatherings with anyone from outside their household.Bars, restaurants, museums and theatres will have to close and recreational activities will be suspended. The restrictions are expected to be in place for four week and are to be reviewed as case numbers change.“We need to flatten our COVID curve and we need to do that now,” Premier Brian Pallister said Tuesday.Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says Ottawa will provide more than $61 million in immediate funding to help Indigenous communities in Manitoba fight the COVID-19 pandemic.Trudeau says the new money will support public health measures, food security and other surge capacity needs.He says Indigenous Services Canada is mobilizing people to do contact tracing and sending equipment to affected communities.Indigenous Services Minister Marc Miller said Monday the new funding was prompted by Manitoba’s alarming rise in COVID-19 cases.Wall Street got off to a slow start Tuesday, a day after a big rally driven by hopes that progress was being made toward an effective coronavirus vaccine. The S&P 500 index slipped 0.4 per cent in the early going, pulled down by more declines in Big Tech companies like Microsoft and Amazon, which have been investor favourites during the pandemic as they thrived even during widespread shutdowns. Apple bucked the trend and edged higher ahead of a series of product announcements later Tuesday. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite lost 1 per cent. Treasury yields and small-company stocks rose, both bullish signals on the economy.American employers advertised slightly more jobs in September but hired fewer people as the U.S. economy struggles to recover from spring’s coronavirus collapse.Job postings rose to to 6.44 million in September, up from 6.35 million in August, the Labor Department said Tuesday. Employers hired 5.87 million workers, down from 5.95 million in September.The U.S. labour market has rebounded gradually from last spring economic shutdown. The Labor Department reported Friday that employers added 638,000 jobs last month and that the unemployment rate dropped sharply to 6.9 per cent, from 7.9 per cent in September.But the economy is still 10 million jobs short of what it had in February before the outbreak slammed the economy, forcing businesses to close at least temporarily. Americans, and their wallets, largely remained homebound in large swaths of the country.The European Commission will sign a deal to secure up to 300 million doses of the experimental coronavirus vaccine developed by BioNTech and Pfizer.Ursula von der Leyen, the president of the EU’s executive arm, said the commission will authorize the deal on Wednesday after “working tirelessly to secure doses of potential vaccines” in recent months.“This is the most promising vaccine so far,” von der Leyen said. “Once this vaccine becomes available, our plan is to deploy it quickly, everywhere in Europe.”Pfizer said Monday that early results from the vaccine suggests the shots may be a surprisingly robust 90 per cent effective at preventing COVID-19.The European Commission had already secured three other deals with pharmaceutical companies allowing its 27 member states to buy nearly one billion doses of a potential coronavirus vaccine.Ontario is reporting an additional 159 new cases in public schools across the province, bringing the total in the last two weeks to 936 and 2,865 overall since school began., the province reported 103 more students were infected for a total of 547 in the last two weeks; since school began there have been an overall total of 1,626.The data shows there are 23 more staff members infected for a total of 98 in the last two weeks — and an overall total of 363. The latest report also shows 33 more infected individuals who weren’t identified for a total of 291 in that category in the last two weeks – and an overall total of 876.There are 601 schools with a reported case, which the province notes is 12.45 per cent of the 4,828 public schools in Ontario.There are currently three schools closed because of an outbreak, two more than the day before. One of the three schools is Elder’s Mills Public School, a French-immersion elementary school in Woodbridge, of COVID-19. The school is set to reopen Wednesday.There is a lag between the daily provincial data at 10:30 a.m. and news reports about infections in schools. The provincial data on Tuesday is current as of 2 p.m. Monday. It doesn’t indicate where the place of transmission occurred.The Toronto District School Board updates its information on current COVID-19 cases throughout the day . As of 10:30 a.m. Tuesday, there were 206 TDSB schools with at least one active case — 300 students and 74 staff.The Toronto Catholic District School Board also updates its information . As of Tuesday at 9:25 a.m., there were 119 schools with at least one confirmed case — 98 active student cases and 12 staff.Epidemiologists have  that the rising numbers in the schools aren’t a surprise, and that the cases will be proportionate to the amount of COVID that is in the community. Ontario is reporting a new one-day high of 1,388 COVID-19 cases Tuesday and 15 deaths. Locally, there are 520 new cases in Toronto, 395 in Peel, 100 in York Region, 72 in Halton and 50 in Niagara. Ontario now has 422 COVID-19 patients in hospital. Stocks were mixed on speculation that this month’s rally has outpaced prospects for an economic rebound amid a resurgence in coronavirus cases around the globe. Treasuries fell.The S&P 500 dropped from a two-month high, led by technology and consumer-discretionary companies. Amazon.com Inc. slumped, with the online-retail giant facing an antitrust complaint from the European Union. Boeing Co. paced gains in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on news U.S. regulators could lift the 737 Max grounding as soon as next week. Eli Lilly & Co. rallied as the U.S. granted its antibody therapy an emergency-use authorization.After all the enthusiasm that lifted global stocks on Monday and sent havens into a tailspin, some analysts said the moves may have gone too far as tough questions remain unanswered. The coronavirus shot still has several hurdles to clear, and concerns about U.S. fiscal stimulus, the transition of power to President-elect Joe Biden and surging virus cases are among some of them.Italian basketball team Olimpia Milano has suspended all team activity after “numerous” members of the squad tested positive for the coronavirus.The club says the cases emerged from tests carried out shortly after Sunday’s victory over Brescia.All the positive people are asymptomatic and the group will undergo further tests on Tuesday.Olimpia was due to fly to Russia for EuroLeague matches against Zenit St. Petersburg on Wednesday and Khimki Moscow Region three days later.It is also scheduled to play Cantù in the domestic season on Sunday.Olimpia coach Ettore Messina called last week for the EuroLeague season to be suspended until March or April.French soccer club Nice says it has shut down its training facilities because of a COVID-19 outbreak.Nice says more than a dozen of players and staff members have tested positive for the coronavirus recently. The club says some players from the youth teams have also been affected.Nice did not identify the players infected but made the announcement after the Swiss soccer federation said defender Jordan Lotomba had been ruled out of this week’s friendly match against Belgium because of a positive test. Lotomba plays for Nice.Nice says it hopes to reopen the training facilities “next week after new tests.”Nice’s next French league match is on Nov. 21 in Marseille.Hong Kong’s first socially distanced outdoor entertainment park opened its doors to the public on Tuesday in an attempt by the entertainment industry to adjust to the coronavirus pandemic.The park, called The Grounds, has a hundred socially distanced enclosed areas spaced 1.5 metres apart that seat two-to-four people.Visitors can enjoy a variety of entertainment programs, including live performances and an outdoor cinema.On Tuesday, groups of viewers gathered for an outdoor screening of the movie “Jaws,” a 1975 classic about a great white shark terrifying a beach community.The Niagara COVID-19 super-spreader cluster responsible for the proliferation of the novel coronavirus in dozens of local bars, homes and stores now has links to cases in the Greater Toronto Area, the St. Catharines Standard has learned.Even as the cluster in Niagara appears to be winding down — there were no new local cases linked to it in the 73 infections confirmed over the past three days — its widening gyre touched other communities, although the region’s top public health official was unwilling to say which communities have been impacted.Dr. Mustafa Hirji, Niagara’s acting medical officer of health, said the number of linked cases outside Niagara appears to be in the single digits at the moment, although he could not provide an accurate count.. “A time to heal.” That was the theme of U.S. president-elect ’s Saturday night acceptance speech, drawn from the book of Ecclesiastes. It was a message directed to ’s supporters. “Let’s give each other a chance,” Biden said. “This is the time to heal in America.”Biden’s call was for healing both physical and psychological: for the actual bodies of America, ravaged by the pandemic, and for the body politic, cleaved by partisan contempt. Both are daunting tasks. As urgent as the first is, it might be the simpler one.Even as  spreads unchecked in virtually every corner of the United States now, with average daily new case counts in the past week topping 111,000, there was a hint of good news on Monday, as Pfizer announced interim analysis of its vaccine trials suggesting it was more than 90 per cent effective. It’s been a month. So how exactly is Toronto doing?On Oct. 9, Toronto entered modified Stage 2 restrictions, closing high-risk venues to try to control the city’s fast-rising second wave of  infections. The measures were supposed to last 28 days, but the city asked for more time, extending the slate of controls until the end of this week. Monday marked exactly a month of modified Stage 2.In the meantime, the Ford government released a new  for implementing and removing new restrictions. On Saturday, Toronto is scheduled to move from the current slate of restrictions to the province’s “orange” level of intermediate measures. As proposed, the switch would reopen indoor dining, bars, and gyms, with capacity limits and liquor curfews. Up until a few weeks ago, Canadian snowbird Diane Rood and her husband, Theo, weren’t sure if they were going to be able to make it to their winter getaway in Florida this year, given the COVID-19-related restrictions on crossing the border by car.“I have arthritis. The thought of staying in Canada with our cold, damp weather just seemed inconceivable,” she said.The couple from Lambton Shores, Ont., who always drive to Florida, contemplated taking a commercial flight. But that would mean not having a vehicle when they arrived. Plus, they’d have to leave their beloved black Labrador, Abby, behind.Cases of  are soaring in Ontario, prompting epidemiologists to plead with the public to adhere to local public-health guidelines.For the fourth straight day, Ontario recorded more than 1,000 new infections Monday, with 1,242 cases reported, following Sunday’s record-breaking count of 1,328 new cases, 1,132 on Saturday and 1,003 on Friday.Cases in the province were expected to peak in the next couple of weeks and then fall by January, according to models by the University of Waterloo on the spread of the virus, which were based in part on the last round of government restrictions. I hate to be the bearer of bad news — or to sound like a character from a TV show featuring dragons — but winter is coming. And I’m dreading it.Adding piles of snow to continued COVID-19 restrictions is a recipe for a dreary season. Imagine a bitterly cold January day where most of the city’s businesses and venues remain largely off-limits and there’s a thick layer of snow and ice on the ground. Bone-chilling.My dread was only increased last week after the infrastructure and environment committee at Toronto city hall  brought by Coun. Josh Matlow and Coun. Mike Layton to . It’s a move that could have made it a little easier for a lot of us to get outside and get around this winter, but the committee rejected it.Medicago says it has received promising early test results for its plant-derived vaccine for COVID-19.The Quebec City-based company says interim results of a Phase 1 clinical trial found that 100 per cent of subjects developed a promising antibody response after two doses of its COVID-19 vaccine candidate.Medicago says the side effects were generally mild to moderate and short in duration.The Phase 1 clinical trial was a randomized, partially blinded study of 180 healthy people.Based on the Phase 1 data, Medicago plans to proceed with a Phase 2/3 clinical trial for its COVID-19 vaccine candidate, subject to regulatory approval.The federal government has signed a $173-million contract with Medicago for vaccine research and development and to construct its Quebec City manufacturing facility.The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic may have, a new survey has found.“I think it’s fantastic that we see the decline in skepticism about science among Canadians,” said Brett McCollum, a chemist at Calgary’s Mount Royal University who has seen the results of the survey.Since 2018, the 3M company has commissioned an annual global poll on a wide variety of attitudes toward science.In 2018, about 29 per cent of people around the world said they were skeptical of science. That had increased to about 35 per cent by the fall of 2019. Health authorities in Thailand said Tuesday that a , and is believed to have become infected through contact with his country’s foreign minister, who tested positive last week during an abortive official visit.Cambodian officials had said Monday that Hungary’s ambassador to Cambodia and Vietnam had tested positive for the coronavirus in the wake of a one-day visit to Cambodia by Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto. Szijjarto was found to be infected when he was tested last Tuesday on arrival in Thailand from Cambodia.The unnamed 53-year-old Hungarian diplomat in Bangkok is the only locally transmitted case in Thailand so far to be linked to Szijjarto. He was described as asymptomatic but tested positive on Monday, and was sent to the Bamrasnaradura Infectious Diseases Institute in Bangkok’s northern suburbs for treatment. Szijjarto had been sent to the same facility before flying back to Hungary.In Italy lines of ambulances park outside hospitals awaiting beds, and in France the government coronavirus tracking app prominently displays the intensive care capacity taken up by COVID-19 patients: 92.5% and rising. In the ICU in Barcelona, there is no end in sight for the doctors and nurses who endured this once already.Intensive care is the last line of defence for severely ill coronavirus patients and .In country after country, the intensive care burden of COVID-19 patients is nearing and sometimes surpassing levels seen at last spring’s peak. Health officials, many advocating a return to stricter lockdowns, warn that adding beds will do no good because there aren’t enough doctors and nurses trained to staff them. A new poll finds that more than.The online survey by Leger and the Association for Canadian Studies says that 67 per cent of Canadians would back a temporary nighttime curfew — from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m. — to curb viral spread in dire circumstances.However, respondents’ enthusiasm varied widely by age, with young people less disposed to the notion.Iran was to, the first such restriction as the country battles a major surge in coronavirus infections.Restaurants and nonessential businesses in Tehran were ordered to close at 6 p.m. for one month, to keep hospitals from becoming overwhelmed and to slow the worsening outbreak, which has killed more than 38,000 — the highest toll in the Middle East. Iran has set single-day death records 10 times over the past month, a sign of how quickly the virus is spreading.The announcement of new limits on Tehran’s bustling cafes and shops, the strictest since a brief nationwide business shutdown in April, reflects the growing sense of urgency among officials. In a first, Iranians’ phones lit up on Monday with a personal appeal from Saeed Namaki, the health minister. Global stocks and U.S. futures rose for second day Tuesday on hopes for progress toward a possible coronavirus vaccine that might allow the world to revive manufacturing, shopping and normal life.Market benchmarks in London, Frankfurt and Tokyo advanced while Shanghai closed lower. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 has been trading at 29-year highs as shares rallied after Joe Biden was declared president-elect days after the U.S. presidential election. News about possible progress on a COVID-19 vaccine have pushed prices still higher.Investors were enthusiastic after Pfizer Inc. said Monday early data on a vaccine under development suggest it might be it might be 90% effective at preventing COVID-19, though that doesn’t mean its release is imminent.The latest numbers of confirmed COVID-19 cases in Canada as of 4:00 a.m. EST on Nov. 10, 2020:There are 268,723 confirmed cases in Canada._ Quebec: 115,989 confirmed (including 6,455 deaths, 98,740 resolved)_ Ontario: 85,395 confirmed (including 3,245 deaths, 72,636 resolved)_ Alberta: 34,148 confirmed (including 369 deaths, 25,826 resolved)_ British Columbia: 18,714 confirmed (including 281 deaths, 13,425 resolved)_ Manitoba: 8,495 confirmed (including 109 deaths, 3,234 resolved)_ Saskatchewan: 4,087 confirmed (including 28 deaths, 2,769 resolved)_ Nova Scotia: 1,129 confirmed (including 65 deaths, 1,048 resolved)_ New Brunswick: 355 confirmed (including 6 deaths, 328 resolved)_ Newfoundland and Labrador: 297 confirmed (including 4 deaths, 286 resolved)_ Prince Edward Island: 66 confirmed (including 64 resolved)_ Yukon: 23 confirmed (including 1 death, 20 resolved)_ Repatriated Canadians: 13 confirmed (including 13 resolved)_ Northwest Territories: 10 confirmed (including 10 resolved)_ Nunavut: 2 confirmed_ Total: 268,723 (0 presumptive, 268,723 confirmed including 10,563 deaths, 218,399 resolved) Authorities in China’s financial hub of Shanghai have after a freight handler at the city’s main international airport tested positive for the virus.No additional cases have been found, the city government said on its microblog Tuesday. It remains unclear how the 51-year-old man contracted the virus, which has largely spared the sprawling metropolis despite its dense population and strong international links.In the northern port city of Tianjin, more than 77,000 people have been tested after a locally transmitted case was reported there on Monday. That case was believed to be linked to a cold storage warehouse, reinforcing suspicions that the virus may be spreading to victims from frozen food packaging.Asian stock markets rose for second day Tuesday on hopes for progress toward a possible coronavirus vaccine that might allow the world to revive manufacturing, shopping and normal life.Benchmarks in Shanghai, Tokyo, Hong Kong and Sydney rose while Seoul fell less than 0.1%.On Wall Street, the benchmark S&P 500 index closed 1.2% higher on Monday after Pfizer Inc. said early data on a vaccine under development suggest it might be it might be 90% effective at preventing COVID-19, though that doesn’t mean its release is imminent.
On April 23, 2018, turned a gorgeous spring day into a nightmare unlike anything Toronto had ever known. For starting at 1:27 p.m., he cut a high-speed swath through pedestrians along Yonge Street, killing 10 people, wounding 16 and .The carnage in North York stretched more than a kilometre along Yonge, south of Finch Avenue. Following a with Const. Ken Lam just after 1:30 p.m., , then 25 years old and from Richmond Hill, was in custody. The true horror of what happened was still emerging. Ten people had their lives cut short: and , both 22; , 30; , 33; , 45; , 45; , 80; , 83; , 85; and , 94. Survivors were in hospital, . As Minassian appeared briefly in a Toronto courtroom on April 24, 2018, clues about his apparent motive were . A Facebook post sent by Minassian before the attack called for an “Incel Rebellion,” a reference to a virulently misogynistic online group of “involuntary celibates” that has been labelled violent extremists by the RCMP and has become the basis for a in another murder case. that incels are part of a rising threat, part of a global far-right ecosystem of angry young men who have been radicalized online and committed a rash of recent attacks from Christchurch, New Zealand to El Paso, Texas. Not all of these men are incels, experts say, but they are part of this larger web.In a he gave hours after his arrest, Minassian expanded on what he described as his “radicalization” into the incel movement and how he came to plan and carry out the attack.  The first-degree murder trial for Minassian .Minassian, now 28, is charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 16 counts of attempted murder. The judge-alone trial, which was delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic is expected to take about four weeks. Minassian  to planning to rent a van and using it to kill and injure people on April 23, 2018. The trial will before, during and after the attack and a judge is expected to have to decide if Minassian is not criminally responsible due to a mental disorder. Anyone can watch a broadcast of the trial at a few rooms reserved at the downtown Metro Toronto Convention Centre.
Price: $15 millionSize: 11,489 square feetBedroooms: 5Bathrooms: 5.5Any excuse for a party. And the stylish Montreal showplace of late senator Leo Kolber was designed just for that purpose.Singalongs around the piano in the great room, state dinners in the elegant and expansive dining room, garden parties for 200 in the well-appointed outdoor space: the wealthy “bon vivant” had guests over at least twice a week, according to listing broker Christina Miller, an affiliate of . “The Kolbers were people who loved any excuse for a fun gathering,” she said, noting the was created to “entertain in style.”Kolber, who died last January at age 90, was a high-profile figure in politics, business and philanthropy. Appointed to the Senate in 1983, he counted former Canadian prime ministers Pierre Trudeau, Brian Mulroney and Jean Chrétien among his best friends. Current leader Justin Trudeau called him “my good friend and mentor” when he died.A corporate giant who helped the Bronfman family (of Seagram’s liquor fame) build a commercial empire, Kolber and the Bronfmans have been linked to complex but legal offshore trust funds that amassed $60 million (U.S.) beyond the reach of tax collectors in Canada, Israel and the U.S. The story was recently published by the Star as part of an international journalism investigation into a massive leak of documents known as the Paradise PapersYet it was his 11,500-sq.-ft. home in Montreal’s exclusive Westmount neighbourhood that helped catapult Kolber to social fame. The cylindrical-shaped entrance hall often welcomed such illustrious guests as Frank Sinatra, Luciano Pavarotti and Mikhaïl Baryshnikov.They would gather in the palatial great room where a built-in bar and grand piano awaited.“Many times Brian Mulroney would break into ‘When Irish Eyes are Smiling’,” Miller said of the now-retired politician who lived nearby.Italian tenor Pavarotti was also known to belt out a tune or two during after-parties for the . “Wow, I would have loved to be at a party back then,” said Miller.Kolber and his first wife Sandra, who died in 2001, bought the property in 1974. When their two children left home, the empty nesters tore down the old house and replaced it in 1988 with the current single-storey structure designed by Canadian architect Erol Argun.Among the classic architectural details are artistic ceiling treatments, decorative mouldings and inlaid wood flooring. The library, lined with ruby-coloured built-ins, is among the home’s highlights, with large bay windows and intimate seating areas. “The red library is just magnificent,” said Miller. With several rooms where people can sit and relax, there are “lots of couches in that house!” she added.The large contemporary kitchen, renovated a few years ago, is designed for catering big events and has a butler’s pantry that connects to the formal dining room. At one end of the residence, the sumptuous primary suite is a private retreat with his-and-her ensuite bathrooms, walk-in closets, an adjacent sitting area and kitchenette “for midnight snacks,” and French doors out to the rear gardens, Miller said. The landscaped, tree-lined backyard is also accessible from the dining room, living room and library.“It’s so lovely back there,” said Miller, explaining that the house sits on a summit facing a wildlife sanctuary. Made for entertaining, the outdoor space features a swimming pool, gazebo with kitchen, and dining terrace.The home’s lower level includes a large wine cellar, exercise room, theatre, two bedrooms, and a den. 
Americans voting out  won’t be a silver bullet to end the racism and inequities North America has long faced, Canadian commentators say.Even as votes were still being counted in swing states last week, University of Toronto political science professor Erin Tolley said early results showed two things:  wasn’t the condemnation of racism and sexism some thought it would be.“The fact that (Trump) was not soundly defeated tells us a lot about how durable sexism and racism is in politics. That, to me, is the big takeaway,” Tolley said. After a historic turnout of voters, it took nearly four days of counting for president- and vice-president-elect and Kamala Harris to secure enough to declare victory. The popular vote shows over 75 million individual votes went to Biden and over 71 million went to Trump. In a tweet Monday afternoon, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he spoke with Biden and the discussion included, among trade and energy, anti-Black racism. While anti-Black racism and issues like these are on the table, commentators like Nora Loreto are watching to see what is really pushed forward.Loreto, author of “Take Back the Fight: Organizing Feminism for the Digital Age,” agreed that there are similarities between now and when Barack Obama was elected. “After four years, and then eight years of Obama, it was pretty clear that the Democratic Party was not able to make the changes that people who work in movements on the ground say needed to be made,” Loreto said. Issues of police brutality, racism, food insecurity, and health care inequalities persisted prior to 2016, she said, noting that multiple levels of government can limit the pace at which change is made. Loreto noticed that during Trump’s administration, much of the media made much of America’s problems about him, and with the 2020 election result, things can go back to normal. “It kind of forgets the fact that normal is not good for a large majority of the United States,” she said.Loreto expects that people advocating outside of the political arena against police violence, for climate change initiatives and against poverty, are going to continue working, regardless of who holds office, and so far have done work to bring these issues to the attention of the Democratic party. Political commentator Emilie Nicolas said while people deserve to celebrate the new administration, they should also keep an eye on what it does next once in power. For one thing, Nicolas warns that representation of marginalized people in power doesn’t always translate to change. “Black people voted for us, and we’re going to have some Black faces, but not actually have the Black policy agenda,” she says is a possible outcome. She mentions a similar move in Canada on Trudeau’s part to bring gender equity to his cabinet didn’t translate to gendered issues receiving attention in policy.What is happening on the political stage, Nicolas says, has not stopped marginalized people on the ground from doing what they can to help their communities. For example, as COVID-19’s impact has led to more poverty, evictions and food insecurity, the Black community has helped itself, Nicolas said. But, “volunteerism” does not replace“building policy.” Nicolas is also tentative about how much the new administration will try to bridge the gap between itself and the opposite side, whether that be conservatives or racists, and in the process, water down initiatives that would help racialized and marginalized people.“Is making America united again about giving people who are xenophobic some legitimacy into the system, but just on a milder scale, and what Trump would have done?” Nicolas wonders. “There’s a risk of going down a path of making reconciliation and healing about making racism polite again.”Nicolas notes that American culture has a tendency to “picture everything as good versus evil.” Which can then either narrow the conversation, or with Trump’s infamous actions as president, can skew the bar for what it means to be good. As Canada watches the outcome of this election unfold, Nicolas says we should remember that we deal with similar issues here as well including, racism, distrust in the media, the spread of conspiracy theories and far-right ideology. “Those ideas are very much here as well,” Nicolas said.
Premier Doug Ford’s words of concern about setting  don’t match his actions, critics said, after Ontario set an all-time high of 1,388 new infections.“These numbers keep me up at night,” Ford told a news conference Tuesday when asked about solutions for curbing the virus with alarming numbers in Toronto and Peel despite  that closed indoor dining, gyms and theatres.“If the numbers get totally out of control, I won’t hesitate to do what it takes to protect the health and safety of the people.”But while Ford leaves specific measures to local health units under his controversial , the virus is continuing to spread more widely with the holiday season approaching, said Todd Coleman, an epidemiologist at Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo.The steady pace of record highs does not bode well, the former public health official in Middlesex-London added, in a reference to the 10,106 Ontarians now fighting active cases of COVID-19, almost double the level of a month ago.“Because that’s happening, the pool of infectious people is getting larger, so that means that the potential for spread is also getting larger,” Coleman told the Star. “I don’t see anything happening in terms of the decision-making to try to curb any of that. I feel there’s a bit of a disconnect between the science and what’s happening.”Although it’s not bad enough for a lockdown like Manitoba is about to impose, “growth rates indicate we need more restrictions than we have now,” said Dr. Irfan Dhalla, an internist and vice-president at St. Michael’s Hospital.Ford insisted the province is working with Toronto and Peel Region “to ensure that all necessary steps are taken as we move forward with our framework” and acknowledged “the virus is spreading at an alarming rate all over the world.”Toronto had a record 520 new cases and Peel had 395, accounting for 66 per cent of infections in the province as per statistics reported by health units at 4 p.m. Monday. Unlike August, when it was typical for 18 or 20 of the province’s 34 health units to have no new daily cases, there were only six in Tuesday’s report. “This is radiating out,” said Coleman. NDP Leader Andrea Horwath said she’s worried that letting COVID-19 gather more steam may force Ford to impose another major lockdown that he says his framework is designed to prevent by providing early warnings when health units are reaching trouble points. “He’s gambling with people’s lives,” Horwath said. “He claims he’s doing it in the name of business, but putting us all at risk of another real lockdown isn’t good for businesses, the economy or working folks.”Other key metrics of the pandemic have also been rising. The seven-day average of new cases hit a high of 1,154 on Tuesday, up 21 per cent from 951 a week ago.Hospitalizations are at their highest rate since mid-June, reaching 422, with 82 patients in intensive care and 54 on ventilators. Hospitals in Peel are at capacity and the province is rushing to open new beds and testing centres.The 1,388 new cases reported Tuesday were based on 29,125 tests, just over half the daily lab capacity, and indicating a case positivity rate of 5.7 per cent.Tuesday marked the fifth straight day that case numbers in Ontario have been above 1,000 and the third day with cases above the 1,200 mark. Two weeks ago, computer modelling presented by provincial officials forecast between 800 and 1,200 new infections daily. Updated modelling will be released Thursday.
A Rexdale mosque food hamper fundraiser Saturday to lift up people of all faiths and backgrounds hurtis being dedicated to one of its caretakers killed outside the mosque. operates out of International Muslims Organization of Toronto (IMO) mosque and distributes approximately 400 non-perishable food hampers monthly to families in need by either COVID-safe curbside pickup or delivery.This Saturday, Table of Mercy hosts a drive-thru fundraising dinner with all proceeds supporting the food hamper project. Meal pickups are from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. at IMO at or by delivery.The fundraiser is in memory of , the 58-year-old father on Sept. 12 as he sat outside the doors of the mosque. The caretaker was ensuring those who entered followed COVID-19 health protocols.“Mohamed’s special task, he wanted to be the leader in ensuring everyone who enters the mosque meets the pandemic protocols and health requirements by wearing a mask and properly sanitizing,” IMO president Omar Farouk said. “It was so refreshing and fulfilling for someone like Mohamed to come forward and ask for that specific responsibility. During hamper preparations and between services at IMO, he would jump up and do whatever he could.”Guilherme “William” Von Neutegem, 34, was charged with first-degree murder in Zafis’s death.Hours after his arrest, the said several social media accounts with the same name and location as Von Neutegem displayed links to a neo-Nazi occult ideology that instructs believers to commit murder.Toronto police said earlier they have not ruled out investigating the homicide as hate-motivated.Since Zafis’s killing, the mosque holds only two Jum’ah or Friday prayers because “people still have fears coming later in the evening,” Farouk said.People of all faiths , at which Table of Mercy Hindu pundits, Christian pastors and Jewish rabbis spoke, said Habeeb Alli, community development manager with Muslim Food Bank and chaplain at a prison in Kingston, Ont.“He was a loving person,” Alli said of Zafis. “All these months, he was an integral part of the Table of Mercy: accepting donations, packing donations, going out with the bags. He was always laughing and engaging with donors and recipients. Many felt his love, felt his mercy. Many came to his funeral.”Table of Mercy is responding to a great need, Alli said, noting some monthly hampers are provided to families in the Jane and Finch community following “the difficult summer of killings in Toronto,” Alli said.The project has supported approximately 2,000 families since it launched in May.“At the very beginning, we saw how desperate it was,” Alli said of the pandemic. “Everything was locked down. A sense of duty pulled us together to do this. I don’t think I had a clue how desperate it was until all the new people were coming through. There is a need.”Muslim Food Bank and Community Services, IMO and the Canadian Council of Ahlus Sunnah collaborated on the project, assisted by Lions Club members, Hindu pundits, Christian pastors and Jewish rabbis.“Only when we work collaboratively and collectively, are we able to ensure our aims and objectives to serve the community are being achieved in a more significant and effective way, especially at this time of crisis in the COVID-19 pandemic, when needs are greater than at any other time,” said Farouk.A halal meal of jerk chicken and fried rice or a vegetarian meal of fried rice and vegetables can be purchased at the fundraiser, prepared and packed by Caribbean Cuisine Delight at Sheridan Mall.Meals are $20 and may be ordered online at www.eventbrite.ca by searching “fundraising dinner drive-thru Table of Mercy” or by calling Habeeb Alli at 416-823-1738.
A 28-year-old from Brampton has been charged in a crash that killed a grandmother from Caledon on Aug. 19.Patrizia Lopez, 50, died as a result of injuries suffered in the crash involving her car and a dump truck on south of Orangeville.The preliminary investigation from police showed that the dump truck was travelling south on Highway 10 and the sedan was going east on Olde Base Line Road when the vehicles entered the intersection and collided.Lopez lived with her husband, Luis, in Ingelwood.Upkaran Sandhu has been charged with careless driving causing death under the Highway Traffic Act. He’s scheduled to appear in court Feb. 22.Caledon Coun. Lynn Kiernan has called for increased traffic safety measures at the intersection where the crash took place.This fall, the town requested that the Ministry of Transportation install a red light camera at the intersection by early 2021 as a measure to improve driver and pedestrian safety by reducing the number of right-angle collisions at the intersection.
Toronto police have announced two arrests in a  that left a 12-year-old bystander critically injured and left three others hurt.The boy was out shopping with his mother when he was hit with a stray bullet near , north of Jane Street and Finch Avenue West, at about 2:20 p.m.He remains in life-threatening condition, interim police Chief James Ramer told reporters Tuesday. The other three have been released from hospital.Rashawn Chambers, 24, of Toronto and Jahwayne Smart, 25, with no fixed address, are both facing 28 charges including six counts of attempted murder each, four counts of aggravated assault each and possession of a restricted weapon without a licence.According to a senior Toronto police source, this and other recent shootings appear to be connected to long-standing warfare between gangs based in the Driftwood area north of Finch and others from the downtown Regent Park neighbourhood, said.The source said Jahwayne Smart’s brother was Jahvante Smart, a popular underground rapper from Regent Park who performed as Smoke Dawg before he was . The man , known as 21 Neat, who performed with a group of rappers based in the area immediately north of Jane and Finch. Chambers, meanwhile, is connected to the Lanes neighbourhood, an area south of Finch home to gangs that are allied to the Regent Park gangs, the police source said.Another prominent Toronto rapper, Dimarjio Jenkins, , was murdered in broad daylight last May. His killers are still at large.Fourteen hours before the weekend shooting that left the 12-year-old fighting for his life, police say they also suspect Smart and Chambers were responsible for firing multiple rounds into a hotel room in Brantford, Ont., injuring an alleged leader of a Driftwood-area gang.Police say they believe a Nov. 4 shooting at 390 Driftwood Ave. that involved more than 30 rounds and left a man shot in the legs, is also connected to the long-running dispute.Police are warning the gang warfare is also playing out in online disputes that may have sparked several recent acts of real-life violence.Police said Smart and Chambers were arrested leaving a Canadian Tire at Bay Street and Dundas Street West, where they were confronted by police Monday afternoon. Three loaded firearms were seized in the arrest, Ramer said.Police said gunmen arrived at a building parking lot on Stong Court on Saturday before two men, both armed with semi-automatic handguns, got out of their vehicle and ran toward a second, firing their weapons. The shooters chased the second vehicle outside the parking lot, shooting continuously, and then got back in their own vehicle, fleeing north on Jane, police said.The area was filled with families, pedestrians and other passersby enjoying an unusually beautiful November day. “Having something like this occur in the middle of the afternoon where you have a family visiting the area to do some shopping is frankly unbelievable,” Ramer said.Officers found the 12-year-old boy on the west side of Jane and rushed him to hospital. His mother was unhurt.Since the shooting, the boy’s family has received support from across the city, Ramer said.“The family has been very grateful for all the letters and support that they have received,” he said. “It’s really helped them during this extremely difficult time. I know our thoughts and prayers are with them.” Up to 30 rounds were found in the parking lot.Ramer and Mayor John Tory visited 31 Division on the weekend. Ramer said they heard from residents who are “legitimately concerned for their safety.”“Gun violence and gang activity will not be tolerated,” Ramer said. “We will put every effort to bring these types of individuals to justice.” 
 5 Mariner Terrace, Unit 2607,Spadina Ave. and Lake Shore Blvd. W.$679,900$677,900$361,000 (2010) about 688 sq. ft.one owned underground space, one owned locker $518.82 per month$2,350 (2020)1 plus 11September 8/20.  September 29/20.This downtown Toronto condo unit with a den sold for just under the listing price in 15 days.“This condo suite features scenic views of the Lake Ontario and the city. It also showcases nine-foot ceilings and a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows,” said listing agent Reza Afshar.The building is walking distance to shopping, restaurants, parks, the CN Tower, the Rogers Centre, Harbourfront, Lake Ontario, Metro Toronto Convention Centre and public transit. As well, it has easy access to the Gardiner Expwy.Amenities in the building include a concierge, gym, indoor pool, sauna, squash/racquet ball court, tennis court, guest suites and visitor parking.laminate floors; living room with floor-to-ceiling windows; dining room with floor-to-ceiling windows and balcony walkout; kitchen with stainless steel appliances and window; primary bedroom with floor-to-ceiling window and double closet; separate den with window; four-piece bathroom. Reza Afshar, Royal Lepage Terrequity Portfolio Realty, Brokerage, 416-888-7367; 33 Sheppard Ave. E., Unit 2309,Yonge St. and Sheppard Ave. E. $439,900 $464,000N/A about 395 sq. ft.one owned underground space, no locker $353 per month $1,385 (2019)0 (studio)Bathrooms: 1September 14/20.  November 26/20.Selling for 106 per cent of the listing price in 32 days, this condo unit is in a building across the street from Yonge Sheppard Centre.“This is a bright studio with an open-concept design, a large bow window in the living room overlooking the city, and a kitchen with a breakfast bar,” said listing agent Ira Jelinek.The building is walking distance to shopping, restaurants, the subway, schools, places of worship, Willowdale Park, Douglas Snow Aquatic Centre, Avondale Park, a movie theatre, Mel Lastman Square Rink and the Meridian Arts Centre. As well, it has easy access to Hwy. 401.Amenities in the building include a concierge, party room, meeting room, indoor pool, media room, games room, sauna, gym and visitor parking. laminate floor; main living area, including sleeping area, with large window; kitchen with a breakfast bar; four-piece bathroom. Ira Jelinek, Harvey Kalles Real Estate Ltd., Brokerage, 416 464 1022; 
Toronto is a Champion of Trees.That award was given to the city this past October by the . Toronto was also recognized as a Tree City of the World by the North American agency.“A healthy tree canopy is a cornerstone of Toronto’s environmental sustainability,” said Mayor John Tory about the award that gives a nod to the city’s 11.5 million trees and 28 per cent canopy coverage.The timing of these honours is significant. It aligns with the campaign to preserve Toronto’s heritage red oak — our oldest tree at more than 250 years old, and also our biggest. This magnificent specimen stands tall, very tall at about 24-1/2 metres (80 feet), and more than 160 centimetres wide (about 5-1/2 feet) up against a bungalow in Humbermede, a residential community in northwest North York. It is recognized as a treasure under Forests Ontario’s Heritage Tree Program.The campaign to save the tree by raising $430,000, with the City of Toronto’s agreement to match those private donations $3-to-$1, is underway. But it’s nearing the final weeks before the Dec. 12 deadline.The money will be used to tear down the house, remediate the soil and convert the property into a public park. Mark volunteered to chair the fundraising campaign and the Cullen family has agreed to donate $100,000 to support the preservation of the tree.Star readers have come forward with a surge of generosity — and their stories. Here are some of them:“So, when he returned home, he dug up a red sapling from a neighbour’s front lawn at 55 Haven Rd., in North York (and planted it in his yard). It has been there ever since and is referred to as “Dad’s Olympic Oak.”George went on to enlist in the 3rd Highland Light Infantry and then worked to assist prisoners freed from the Nazis’ notorious Bergen Belsen concentration camp after Europe was liberated. The idea of GrandTrees was born in that meeting and a goal to raise $1 million in a year was set. They succeeded and many green, environmental programs are now supported as a result. This includes — you guessed it — Toronto’s heritage red oak.We asked Michael why his group felt it was important to donate $20,000: “Canada is a new country. Unlike other places, we do not have ancient cathedrals, temples or mosques as touchstones that link us to our history.“But when we stand in front of this majestic, centuries-old red oak, we can feel the continuity of time. This is why we need to preserve the best of our natural heritage and protect gems from our forests such as the magnificent ancient oak in west Toronto. To cut down this unique and glorious tree of trees, after 250 years, is to cut ourselves off from our past,” he said.“And to cancel a dandy new park in a city short of them, is to deny our future.”To learn more about preserving Toronto’s heritage oak, go do  or call 416-292-1144. To tell your stories about the heritage oak, or any oak tree, email  — we’ll share your stories online. “Henderson’s Handbook of Plants” (1881) says the original meaning of the Latin word for oak, referred to swine since the trees’ acorns were used to feed them.  means hardy or tough. Red oaks are so named because the wood is red. White oak — which turn red in fall — are named for their white wood.Travellers on the Humber River, before nearby Westen Rd. was ever a thing, would have seen this oak as an adolescent. We know that the river ran much closer to the heritage oak before the Humbermede subdivision was built; in the backyard of 76 Coral Gable there is a ground level grate through which you can view moving water.
November is Financial Literacy Month in Canada — and in my opinion, as an independent financial planner, this is more important now than before, especially amid the COVID-19 pandemic.Fifty years ago, nearly half of workers had a pension and about one third of private sector workers had a defined benefit (DB) pension plan. Now, only one in three workers has a pension and DB pension coverage has dwindled to about one in 10 private sector workers. This means retirement planning for many people used to be as easy as going to work to build a future monthly pension payment, but today, things are not so simple when planning for the futureAdditionally, post-secondary education costs have risen at much more than the rate of inflation. Youth unemployment is over 20 per cent for the first time since the 1980s. Real estate prices are rising faster than incomes are increasing. A much larger percentage of workers are self-employed or contract these days. Job tenure has decreased as people change jobs more frequently. People are even retired longer so need to save more as life expectancies increase.An observation I can share after working with thousands of clients during my career is even people who are very smart and successful at whatever they do for a living may not be well versed about money. Something that may compound this is that people may be embarrassed or scared to ask questions about things they think they should know.I also feel it is important to share that I have made plenty of my own money mistakes over the years. I had a part-time job throughout high school and blew most of my savings partying during my first year of university. When I first started investing, I put all my money in a single technology stock that I knew almost nothing about and it promptly tanked and I panicked and sold. Like almost everyone else, I have things that I have wasted money on frivolously and I continue to do so today. That said, I often remind my employees, my kids, and myself that some of the best lessons you can learn — about money included — is from your mistakes. Some consumers make the mistake of focusing on monthly payments. This short-term budgeting has gone beyond mortgages, rent, and car payments to even modestly priced items like furniture, appliances, and electronics. Just because you can afford a monthly payment, it does not mean you can afford to buy something. At some point, we all retire, and the incomes that support those payments generally decline. Without saving during your working years, you may have a decrease in your standard of living in retirement.Rules of thumb can lead to poor financial decision making as well, especially related to retirement planning. Some people set arbitrary monthly saving goals or target a certain amount of money to accumulate by a certain age. One dollar saved in a Registered Retirement Savings Plan is very different from one dollar in a Tax Free Savings Account if you ignore tax implications when you contribute or when you withdraw those savings.Investment risk tolerance has a big impact on how much you need to save as well. Conservative investors may need to save more than those with a higher risk appetite who expect a higher long-term rate of return. Personal factors like government and private pensions, a planned home downsize, an expected inheritance, retirement age, and life expectancy all impact how much a saver needs to set aside for retirement. The result is some people save too little, while others save too much. Both have drawbacks.A lack of financial literacy can lead to poor investment returns. Some mutual funds charge fees of 2 to 3 per cent per year, while others may only charge 1 to 2 per cent. There are even lower cost investment options with fees well under 0.5 per cent.Paying more for certain things like car tires or caviar often results in better quality, but interestingly, the same logic may not apply when it comes to investing. Earning the same pre-fee return but saving 1 per cent per year in fees over a 30-year period may increase your investments by about one third. That does not mean everyone should opt for the cheapest investment option available, but it is important to appreciate that high fees can lead to poor outcomes.The Canadian Securities Administrators recently reported that only one in three investors say they receive statements about both performance and cost of their investments. Cerulli Associates survey data from earlier this year found that 23 per cent of investors think money management is free and 22 per cent are not sure.Investing aside, there are plenty of other gaps in financial literacy related to debt, real estate, insurance, taxes, and estate planning. The more you can do to understand money, the better equipped you will be to make financial decisions, ask good questions to advisors advising you, or give advice to your kids or future children.The good news is despite these challenges, financial literacy is being boosted to help Canadians better plan their financial futures. At a grassroots level, several provincial governments have rolled out resources to help from a young age.Manitoba offers essential mathematics courses in grades 10 through 12 to teach students about credit cards, buying a home, taxation, and investing. In Saskatchewan, financial literacy courses are offered at all high schools and teachers of students as young as grade 7 can use the content to introduce financial literacy. Ontario’s new math curriculum may be the most extensive foray into financial literacy, including mandatory financial literacy concepts right from the first grade.The private sector is also on board. The big five banks all offer different resources and apps to help parents teach their kids about money. Canada’s biggest bank, RBC, uses a money management app called Mydoh to set tasks for kids as young as eight years old to earn an allowance and even spend money in-store or online using a digital smart card on their mobile device.Enriched Academy offers online financial education they say is meant for everyone from age 15 to 90. They have partnered with Alberta Education for a pilot program for grades 10 to 12 students this year and offer financial wellness programs to companies for employees, although anyone can access their programs online.Boys & Girls Clubs of Canada is about to roll out a program across their clubs in 775 communities servicing 200,000 children each year. The programming is meant to provide guidance, tools, and resources for the children, but they are also concerned about moms and dads.The fact that financial literacy education is now starting so young is encouraging for what that could mean in 10 or 20 years when today’s kids grow up. But for today’s new graduates, parents, and even those approaching retirement, there may be a financial knowledge gap to address.There is a lot of information out there about money, and sometimes it can be tough to sort through which advice is best. The best advice I can give people is to say that there is no such thing as a right or wrong answer when it comes to financial planning decisions. There may be more right or less wrong choices depending on your personal situation.It is kind of like politics. There are different schools of thought and perhaps now, more than ever, people with drastically different opinions. The more literate you can become about something by reading, talking, and learning, the more likely you will be able to make good choices with confidence.
OTTAWA—As COVID-19 cases continue to surge from Alberta to Quebec, premiers are facing questions from municipal leaders and pressure from the federal Liberals to take stronger action to control the pandemic’s spread.While Canada’s big city mayors are not calling for a more interventionist approach from Ottawa to manage the public health crisis, they have shared “concerns” about the virus’ second wave and a “desire for action,” Edmonton Mayor Don Iveson told reporters Tuesday.“I think the mayors would encourage the provinces to follow the evidence and enact measures to protect business for the long-term, and human beings and life in the short term,” Iveson, the chair of the Federation of Canadian Municipality’s big city mayor caucus, said. Iveson’s comments came after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau urged premiers and mayors in COVID-19 hot spots to “do the right thing” and take stronger measures to control the pandemic.At a press conference in Ottawa, Trudeau warned that relaxing restrictions around things like indoor dining and social gatherings could hit businesses even harder than temporary shutdowns.“I would hope that no leader in our country is easing public health vigilance because they feel pressure not to shutdown businesses or slow down our economy,” Trudeau said.“I understand that worry, but let me tell you (that) that’s how we end up with businesses going out of business and the economy damaged even more.”That could be interpreted as a veiled shot at Ontario Premier Doug Ford, whose government is easing restrictions on things like indoor dining and gyms despite hitting a record high 1,388 new cases of COVID-19 on Tuesday.The City of Toronto pushed back that reopening plan Wednesday afternoon, announcing continued restrictions on indoor dining, closing casinos and event spaces, and prohibiting group fitness classes.“I don’t know if he’s speaking to me directly. And if he is, I want to thank him for his ongoing support,” Ford told reporters when asked about Trudeau’s comments.“But, you know, we need more support for businesses. That’s what we need. We need more support, financial support. And I’d be more than happy to sit down and talk to the prime minister about that support.”But Ontario is hardly alone, with Manitoba and Alberta also seeing high case numbers. Alberta Premier Jason Kenney has resisted imposing stricter rules in his province, instead relying on citizens to act responsibly. Alberta reported 644 new cases Monday.The province’s chief medical officer of health, Deena Hinshaw, said Monday the Alberta government was considering a short, sharp “circuit breaker” lockdown to put the province on better footing.Manitoba, dealing with one of the country’s worst outbreaks, made that exact move on Tuesday, imposing some of the most severe restrictions the country has seen – no social gatherings whatsoever, travel restrictions inside the province, shuttering non-essential businesses, and banning religious and cultural gatherings.Iveson, who said he’s been in contact with Winnipeg Mayor Brian Bowman on the “tragic and concerning” situation in that city, said Edmonton is taking what steps it can to protect public safety – above and beyond the restrictions imposed by the Alberta government.But the Edmonton mayor said he still believed the overall pandemic response should be managed at the provincial level.“Leaving it either up to the club of the federal government, or the as-always one-hand-tied-behind-our-backs jurisdictionally-limited local governments, that’s not going to get the best results,” Iveson said. “And mayors might have opinions on this, like every other Canadian. But I think where we’ve been consistent is we’re strongest (when) the decisions are being made by the professionals, provided they’re being deferred to.”Since the global health emergency began, Trudeau and his government have consistently pushed back on questions about assuming extraordinary powers to manage the pandemic under the Emergencies Act – a modernized version of the War Measures Act last invoked by Pierre Trudeau during the October Crisis.Instead, the federal government has stuck to a strategy of providing billions in additional funds for provincial health efforts, holding regular meetings with provincial and territorial leaders, and attempts at moral suasion – in addition to unprecedented direct spending to shore up individuals and businesses through the crisis.After urging unnamed provinces to greater action Tuesday, the prime minister was again asked about that possibility.“The federal government doesn’t have the responsibility to tell each region what they should do and how they should manage COVID-19 outbreaks,” Trudeau responded.“But we are there to say that we are going to make this task easier, we’re going to make difficult decisions easier, by saying if you need to shutdown quickly … we’ll be there to directly support citizens and directly support businesses that have to shut down or limit their business hours.”
As she sat in the kitchen of her Whitby home, the woman police describe as the victim of a “horrific” attack talked about how she’s doing.Three months since that July night, husband at her side, she said “I’m a little slower than usual,” but “I feel healthy, I’m strong . . . I’m doing really well.”It’s taken a team of medical workers, support staff, counsellors, massage therapists, family, but most of all, the will and determination of the woman this “random” act of violence happened to, to get her where she is today.Because there is a judicial publication ban in place, the woman, whose alleged attacker faces charges of attempted murder, aggravated sexual assault and aggravated assault, cannot be named or pictured.She said she can’t remember anything that happened from a week before the July 28 incident until two-and-a-half to three weeks after, when she awoke in a St. Michael’s Hospital bed in Toronto.Her husband told her she left their home at 8:15 p.m. on July 28 and police found her at 10:25 a.m. the next morning, lying half in a creek bed near Taunton Road and Anderson Street.“I had a shattered jaw, which the plastic surgeon said was like little pieces of crackers that they had to put together, and there’s metal plates in my jaw,” she said.“I have skull fractures, lots of mini-fractures in my eye sockets, in my temple areas, and I have a bald spot on the back of my head where I was hit really, really hard. There was a huge scar that wasn’t discovered until two weeks of being in the hospital because they couldn’t bathe me because my body was evidence.’’She had front and back rib fractures that punctured her lung and had to have fluid drained.There were seven hours of emergency surgery and a tracheotomy, she was put on dialysis and in an induced coma “just so my body could heal.”Her husband called 911 when she didn’t return home more than an hour after leaving for her walk and then searched all night for her. He was at her side in hospital as he watched for her to wake up.“He was really impacted,” she said. “Everyone keeps saying how strong I am. I’m not the one that’s strong, it’s my family that’s strong.“I said I went for a walk one night, I woke up three weeks later in the hospital. I didn’t do anything. My body just survived and was strong that way.”Her husband jumped in to correct her as he watched her recover from her injuries.“She’s a fighter. You’re strong in another way,” he said.“It’s him that had to endure the wondering is she going to die, is she going to be a vegetable, all these things were presented to him to make a decision, to pull the plug or not, is she going to be a vegetable?,” she said.The doctors found no evidence of brain damage just before they did the surgery on her jaw.The first thing she asked when she woke up, was, “What happened?” over and over again, her husband said.Once the basic facts were explained to her she wondered, “Who would want to do this to me?”“Who was that angry at me? You assume it’s your fault. I must have brought this on myself. Why would someone target me?”“And then, I came to realize, it was a random act and it made it a little bit easier to accept because I’ve taught at the college for years, my son is 22 (her alleged attacker is 21), I have two stepsons in their 20s and I know from observing the age of a young man like that, there’s no one that has an evil mind like that, it’s very strange. The fact that it was random, it could have been anybody but it just happened to be me.”The woman added that she used to be very outgoing and now, “everybody knows me for this (incident). So, how do I take this, use the skills I had from before, (so I’m not just) the woman that ‘got the s--- kicked out of me,’ ” she said.Her plan, now that she has a Master’s degree, is to apply for a PhD in forensic psychology, “so I can study the resiliency factors in women who have survived assaults,” and help them through their trauma.In spite of everything that was done to her, the woman’s attitude and spirit is inspiring.“Not that I’m glad it happened to me, but I’m glad it didn’t happen to someone else who couldn’t handle it, who is young, maybe 20, who had their whole life ahead of them and this man just destroyed them.“It hasn’t destroyed me. In fact, just last night, I was talking to someone, and as weird as it sounds, I feel more good has come out of this than bad,” she said.
Peter Mansbridge has spent the last year thinking about heroes. Not caped crusaders and not those who have landed on world stages. He’s been thinking about people who lead remarkable lives outside of the public spotlight.Over his storied broadcasting career at CBC, Mansbridge estimates he has conducted around an astonishing 20,000 interviews.“Many were either political figures or they’re celebrities. But as exciting as that was, they’re really not the people I tend to remember,” he says. “The ones that stick out are the more ordinary people who were caught in some kind of extraordinary circumstances. There’s no spin to their stories. They weren’t seeking publicity but, suddenly, they were there.”Peter Mansbridge’s 2010 book “One on One” included transcripts from his notable conversations with former U.S. presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. It seems fitting given his new book, “Extraordinary Canadians: Stories from the Heart of Our Nation,” that Mansbridge spent the recent monumental American presidential election weekend enjoying the late-season sun from his home in Stratford. The idea for “Extraordinary Canadians,” which was co-written with former CBC colleague and producer Mark Bulgutch, initially came in mid-2019 from Mansbridge’s publisher, Simon & Schuster Canada. He found the idea of returning to intimate interviews appealing as a new project. The book features 17 first-person accounts from people with varying backgrounds from across the country, as told to Mansbridge and Bulgutch. There are soldiers and activists, educators, religious leaders and immigrants, each with a unique personal history.There are those whom Mansbridge had spoken to before, such as Cindy Blackstock, a Gitxsan activist for child welfare and executive director of the First Nations Child and Family Caring Society of Canada. He first interviewed her five years ago as part of her fight to improve health care and education for Indigenous children. As he began the book, Mansbridge thought again about Blackstock, realizing that he didn’t know anything about her background. He discovered through their conversations that she grew up with a non-Indigenous mother and experienced different treatment as a young child depending on which parent she was accompanied by. “I’ve spent a lot of time in parts of the country where Indigenous Canadians are heavily populated. I thought that I understood the issues, but I didn’t know it as well as I should have,” Mansbridge says in recollection. “Cindy helped me understand through her story part of the challenges they faced and that so many Indigenous Canadians still face.”And then there are the surprise entries. Around the time he agreed to do the book, Mansbridge was at Nathan Phillips Square for the Raptors’ victory parade. He had never met the team’s play-by-play announcer, Matt Devlin, before, but the two exchanged some friendly words before American-born Devlin — who received his Canadian citizenship in 2019 — went off to emcee the celebratory event. When gunshots rang out, Devlin’s calm words are widely credited for keeping the jammed crowd calm and avoiding what could have been a deadly stampede.“I watched the way he handled it and I thought, ‘I’ve been in the business for almost 50 years, would I have been able to do what he just did?’ I wasn’t sure that I would have,” says Mansbridge, who discovered Devlin’s childhood fantasy of becoming a broadcaster. He chuckles now, recalling the story of how as a kid, Devlin would sit in the stands with a tape recorder and hold a microphone to call the play by plays.“I like telling stories that are attached to specific moments,” says Mansbridge. “I took what was kind of a basic story and then tried to make something more out of it, given Matt’s travels, to where he ended up, given the strange nature of last year in terms of the success of the Raptors, and his family’s voyage to becoming Canadians.”Of course, the notion of everyday heroes has taken on new context given the sacrifices made by front-line workers during . The first draft of the “Extraordinary Canadians” manuscript was due in March, just as the pandemic numbers began to rise in Canada and the country went under lockdown. The co-authors quickly added an interview with Moses Li, an emergency-room nurse and volunteer humanitarian who works at St. Paul’s, a Vancouver inner-city hospital. “It was still so early in the process that we knew there were a lot of extraordinary people on the front lines of health care,” says Mansbridge. “But as we know now, there’s so many other areas we also could have gotten to whether it was a truck driver or a farmer or a grocery-store clerk. But Moses is pretty extraordinary.” Given the book’s timeliness, “Extraordinary Canadians” is a feel-good, inspiring read. But Mansbridge cautions that these stories are also there to help us understand that Canada has a long way to go before it’s a “truly fabulous” place to live for everyone.“Most of these people, the challenges they’ve met are because of inequalities. They’ve taken situations into their own hands and tried to make things better, not necessarily for themselves, but for others,” says Mansbridge. “There are lessons in this book about the country and the things we need to achieve.”
When the thunder came, he’d be gone.Loath to tremble in front of his family — to shake with the memories the storms would bring of war — he’d slip out of his ramshackle home and fade into the forest near Parry Sound.Just as he’d crept, unseen, through No Man’s Land and right up to German trenches during the First World War.Just as he’d move, like smoke, from firing perch to firing perch as one of the most dangerous snipers this country has produced.Just as the most decorated Indigenous soldier to ever don a Canadian uniform virtually disappeared from history almost as soon as he returned to an ungrateful nation.But the legend of Francis Pegahmagabow is being reborn.More than half a century after the Ojibwa warrior’s death, in August 1952, the winner of three Military Medals for bravery is gaining a recognition that eluded him, almost entirely, during his troubled post-war life.“He was a forgotten almost immediately after the war ended,” says Adrian Hayes, a Newmarket author who published a short biography of the former Parry Island chief in 2003.“He was a hero in Europe, but he went back to being ‘just an Indian’ at home.”Pegahmagabow will be honoured on Tuesday, as the Base Borden headquarters of the 3rd Canadian Rangers — a Native Canadian militia outfit — is renamed in his honour.The move came after Ranger commanding officer, Maj. Keith Lawrence, came across Pegahmagabow’s medals by chance last year at Ottawa’s Canadian War Museum, where they were recently put on permanent display.“I didn’t know anything about him until then,” says Lawrence, who saw a natural connection between the Indigenous soldier and his Native Canadian outfit.An effort is also underway by his Wasauksing First Nation band to have the former 1st Battalion corporal recognized by the Historic Sites and Monuments Board as a person of national historic significance.And Pegahmagabow, it turns out, is also the inspiration for author Joseph Boyden’s best-selling novel, Three Day Road, which tells of a troubled First Nations sniper and his horrific World War I experiences.“I firmly believe if he had been a white, protestant soldier doing (what he did), he would have been a Victoria Cross holder, he would have been recognized in the history books,” says Boyden.Instead, when he returned to Canada in 1919, Pegahmagabow, who was also shot during the war, entered a life of poverty, bigotry, mental and physical suffering, and obscurity, says Hayes, whose book “Pegahmagabow: Legendary Warrior, Forgotten Hero” details his rise and fall.Pegahmagabow’s battle exploits were many and extraordinary and drew heavily on the native bush skills he’d honed during a childhood on the Shawanaga reserve on Georgian Bay, where he was born in 1889.The skills served him in his scout duties, which sent him out countless times to worm across No Man’s Land between German and Allied trenches, to report on enemy movements and machine gun positions.A 1943 newsletter quoted in Hayes’ book says Pegahmagabow “... had that instinct, or sagacity, inherited from a long line of forest fighters, of finding his way around in the dark by stealth and that he could penetrate the enemy’s lines and return safely almost at will.”Legend has it these secret sojourns took him not just near, but right into German trenches, where he’d creep up on sleeping soldiers and touch them — a time-honoured Indigenous “coup” — before heading home with his reports.The bush skills also served him in his perilous role as sniper.“He was never in what you might call bomb-proof jobs,” says Tim Cook, a First World War historian at the Canadian War Museum.“Most of these guys were counter-sniped, or killed at some point,” says Cook, who explains that few soldiers, even those in far less dangerous jobs, made it through the entire war.Pegahmagabow claimed 378 kills as a sniper, a figure that puts him well ahead of any other Canadian soldier in history.Indeed, one place where his name has been preserved, in a somewhat unsavoury testament to his rifle prowess, is on Internet sniper websites that glorify the lethal tactic.Cook, however, says Pegahmagabow’s sniper tally is likely inflated and that his claims to have actually entered German trenches are almost certainly exaggerations.But there’s no doubting his skill as a marksman, Cook says, or his bravery in the face of the front-line butchery he endured throughout the war.“Here’s a guy who was the full definition of the word brave,” say Lawrence.The medals attest to this.The third highest honour in the Canadian array of First World War decorations available to enlisted men and non-commissioned officers, the Military Medal trailed only the Victoria Cross and Distinguished Conduct Medal in the country’s citation firmament. Pegahmagabow won three of them.In the way they were presented at the time meant that he physically possessed one medal with two bars displayed on the attached ribbon.But regardless of its configuration, the busy piece of hardware represents an achievement that only 39 other Canadians — out of a total 625,000 men and women the young nation sent — would claim in the conflict.And the two-barred medal makes him, according to the Canadian military itself, the most decorated aboriginal soldier in this country’s history.The gallantry awards place him ahead of the much more famous Tommy Prince, a Manitoba Ojibwa who won two medals, one from the U.S., for bravery in the Second World War, says Sgt. Peter Moon, a spokesman for the third Canadian Rangers.While Prince could claim about a dozen “campaign medals,” as compared to Pegahmagabow’s three, Moon says it’s the citations for gallantry that “really count in the real world.”Pegahmagabow’s Military Medals were won during charnel house battles, at places whose names are still chiselled on monuments in towns and cities across this country.Mount Sorrel, Passchendaele, The Scarpe.These blood-soaked encounters were stopping points in a war Pegahmagabow entered as part of the first contingent of Canadians to go overseas.And despite gas attacks, a bout of pneumonia and a leg injury so severe that amputation was considered, he rarely left the front until the fall of 1918, when he was invalided back to England suffering from “exhaustion psychosis.”Throughout the war, Pegahmagabow’s courage was sustained by a set of traditional Indigeous beliefs that convinced him he was invincible in battle, Hayes says.“He had a medicine bag, and he believed his medicine bag would protect him,” Hayes says.The use of medicine pouches and other traditional totems was common among Indigenous soldiers and a natural source of comfort in the heat of battle.What’s surprising, perhaps, is that Canadian aboriginal men like Pegahmagabow joined the war at all.With tensions between Indigenous people and whites over land claims and resettlement still running high in 1914, Pegahmagabow’s immediate and voluntary enlistment in the army might seem counterintuitive.This is especially true given that treaty provisions guaranteed Indigenous people a free pass from any foreign conflict.But the rate of Aboriginal enlistment ran high throughout the First World War - easily matching that of white Canadians.“Their reasons for enlisting in the First World War, in a lot of ways had to do with their culture,” Hayes says.“The ‘warrior spirit’ was a large part of it.”As well, Hayes says, the call to arms “for King and Country” that drew hundreds of thousands of whites into the battle, was also heard by Indigenous volunteers, Hayes says.“They signed their treaties with the Queen (Victoria), the Queen was a big thing.”But there was another incentive pushing Indigeous people to war, one that has also resonated with other marginalized people throughout history, says Cook.“They felt that their sacrifice (would) earn them a right to perhaps push for more rights in society,” Cook says.For Pegahmagabow, as for thousands of his Indigenous soldiers, this hope would be dashed.Hayes says post-war poverty was common among returning native veterans.“Most of the native veterans were forgotten as far as the benefits they got from the government,” Hayes says.“They didn’t get the same benefits white veterans got, especially during the Depression.”Suffering from an enlarged heart and palpable mental trauma from his battlefield experiences, Pegahmagabow was clearly diminished by his conflict experiences.“At last part of the war, my head did not work with me so well,” he wrote in halting English to a pension commission review in 1940.Despite these traumas, Pegahmagabow was initially denied a pension and resettlement loans from Ottawa Indigenous agencies.“I don’t feel like taking responsibility for the unfortunate animals that might be put in his care if the loan is granted,” said a bitter local Indigeous agent in cautioning against a $300 federal loan request for some livestock.His daughter, Marie Anderson, the sole survivor of his eight children, says Pegahmagabow’s treatment after the war hurt him as much as anything the Germans had thrown at him.“He had very bad trouble with the Department of Indian Affairs,” says Anderson, who still tears up when she speaks of her father’s mistreatment.“I don’t like to say this, but I think my father really got ripped off.”But the repeated refusal of government officials to approve farm loans proved to be a turning point in Pegahmagabow’s post-war life.While the loan denials virtually sentenced him to a life of itinerant work and poverty, they also motivated Pegahmagabow to become a committed native activist through the rest of his years.“Despite going into obscurity in the bigger White Canadian history, he became very political,” say Boyden, whose novel features a brief, fictional appearance by Pegahmagabow.Hayes says Pegahmagabow’s commitment to Indigenous rights remained strong throughout his life, even as his health failed and his war exploits faded from view.When he died, at 63, the Veterans Affairs headstone placed on his grave failed to mention two of his Military Medals.At Borden this week, that oversight — and the decades of neglect that followed — may finally be laid to rest.
The search for a home, or at least a place to temporarily call home, continues for the  but at least they have a firm timeline.The NBA’s decision to go full throttle on an accelerated path to the 2020-21 season is now official, putting added pressure on Toronto to find some place to play the home portion of a 72-game regular season that will begin Dec. 22.Whether that’s in the Scotiabank Arena or one of several possible American sites remains unclear but Raptors officials are pressing to get approval to play in their usual spot.Any plan to play in Toronto would take approval of three levels of government, along with the NBA and the NBA Players Association, no easy feat. But it is a fight worth fighting, the franchise believes, because the overwhelming desire is to be somewhere where they control everything from housing to practice facilities to medical facilities to transportation to and from airports and arenas.They have that in Toronto; they wouldn’t necessarily have it in any other city.There have been back channel discussions with the various governments — they were sympathetically received, according to sources who have been involved — but there is no imminent resolution.The current COVID-19 situation in Toronto and Ontario is hardly conducive to more openings or exemptions and the United States is also in the throes of rampant escalation, none of it a good harbinger. The most significant thing the Raptors can do is present a well-thought-out plan. They and the NBA do have some history in being able to protect the general public and themselves during rampant growth of positive tests — they succeeded in Florida when the state was a coronavirus petri dish, it seemed — and that is a point they have made, according to people briefed on the discussions.The Raptors have done some due diligence on American cities in case they are forced to find a temporary home. But there are so many things at play in finding a place where they can be comfortable, perhaps for months. It is far harder than simply picking a city with a legitimate NBA arena.They need first-class accommodations they have some control over for testing, off-day activities, families, a full team staff and visiting teams. They need a city that has the infrastructure for their training needs, which are extensive: a practice gym with multiple baskets, fitness facilities, suitable medical and treatment facilities. And with the schedule likely to be heavily weighted for conference play, a temporary home needs to be in the East for ease of travel.Most of the logical assumptions and reported possibilities — Newark, N.J., Nashville, Buffalo and presumably others that haven’t leaked out in the media yet — have most of the prerequisites but finding one with all of them could be troublesome. The Raptors have had to pack up once, moving operations to Naples, Fla., before entering the league’s Orlando-area bubble for the conclusion to the 2019-20 season.Toronto, of course, has all the prerequisites but the issues with the Canada-U.S. border and the exploding COVID-19 numbers in Ontario are issues.Dealing with visiting teams would seem to be the least of the problems. With rapid testing, it’s entirely possible for visiting teams to be tested before it leaves its home base and to be sequestered in a five-star area hotel near Scotiabank Arena with all the catering and personal needs taken care of. The teams would be tested again on the day of a game and could fly out right after. And scheduling something like a series of six-game homestands would allow teams to get in and out with little local disruption.The major issue could be how to handle the Raptors themselves when they take road trips to the U.S. and have to return to Canada, where they could be required to isolate for up to two weeks, an impossibility for a workable NBA schedule. But the Raptors could propose a modified isolation plan to satisfy the medical needs of the various levels of government that would have to approve any return to play in Toronto.The league would insist on daily testing for its players, coaches and staff members. Would that, plus a bubble-like setup where the players would be tested daily and travel only between their homes and the team’s practice and game facilities, be enough to appease the city, the province and the federal government?The biggest problem may be time. The accelerated start to the 2020-21 season announced Monday — the draft is Nov. 18, free agency signings start Nov. 22, and training camps open Dec. 1 — leaves little flexibility.
We have seen courage in . We’ve seen it in hospitals, in long-term-care homes, in parents dealing with kids at home for months. We’ve seen it in public health, sometimes in politics, and in the people who have done essential work at risk to themselves and others. Courage comes in different forms.On Tuesday, in a city not known for bold decisions, medical officer of health Dr. Eileen de Villa and Mayor John Tory displayed a necessary sort of courage. It followed in the path of Dr. Lawrence Loh, de Villa’s counterpart in Peel; others may have to follow it soon. The province of Ontario  in favour of businesses last week, and forced others to make the hard decisions for them. On Tuesday, amid questions of legal ability and liability, Toronto stepped up.“Our situation is incredibly urgent,” said de Villa. “The risk is very, very high. And with extreme situations, sometimes those call for extreme actions.“The legal advice hasn’t changed. The urgency has.”Indoor dining, indoor fitness classes, meeting and event spaces, casinos and bingo halls would all have opened under the province’s plan, and will instead stay closed for a 28-day period. De Villa strongly recommended working from home, limiting social interactions to only immediate household or one or two close contacts. Absent closing gyms and houses of worship, and in the worst case, schools, this was a significant move, and not without risk.Look, you are can argue the lawyers advising the city are conservative to the point of paralysis. De Villa has said  she could be held personally liable for the effects of closures, and while this is likely wrong — Amir Attaran, a professor of law and epidemiology at the University of Ottawa who recently argued before the Supreme Court, calls it “misunderstanding their powers,” and adds cowardice as a possibility — if you were given that advice by your in-house lawyers, you might step carefully, too.But the mayor needs the business lobby, and being apart from the province means absorbing more risk. And among those making the decisions on how to confront COVID-19, Ontario has seen too many make the easy choice: to cater to business, to not take the virus seriously enough, to sideline the best doctors, to ignore the lessons of the pandemic. The  brought that up Tuesday. Which is appreciated, because a lot of people who didn’t make those decisions will pay for those decisions.And with Doug Ford’s government having made its choice of business over public health,  and Toronto — the two hardest-hit regions in the province — were pushed into action using Section 22 of the Health Protection and Promotion Act, with some amount of legal uncertainty, and with less power than what the province could have done.There is an argument it is already too late. But at least de Villa and Tory see the reality of this. Tory understands three per cent positivity is where you tip into exponential growth; Toronto is near six per cent, with the province hovering around five per cent the last three days. It’s bad.“To everyone in Toronto, I want to warn you in the plainest possible terms that COVID-19 is out there at levels we have not seen before,” said de Villa. “You should assume it is everywhere. And that without proper precautions and protections, you are at risk of infection.“In my professional opinion, the greatest harm would be to allow COVID-19 to continue to spread. At this rate, it’s logical to assume that it will only get worse. It’s logical to believe that if we effectively reduce the spread that the economy will benefit in the long run.”That’s the logical calculus too much of Canada has missed: public health first, then you get the economy. This all should have happened sooner. The city lawyers are probably villains here. The province should have built a better test-trace-isolate system in the summer, and intervened hard early in September. Now this has been allowed to grow into wildfires. The province is seeing the first sharp spines of exponential growth in several midsize cities. Ontario’s framework actually increases some restrictions in some low-transmission areas, but primarily raises the bar for significant intervention absurdly high. For instance,  of 50 people in indoor dining until transmission levels spiral into levels barely seen in any public health unit during the entire pandemic.The province doesn’t seem to understand or care that hot spots need strong intervention now. Either the government decided to prioritize its own voters over vulnerable populations, or it just doesn’t understand the science.Look, we can see our future. Manitoba imposed sharp provincewide measures Tuesday. Alberta, where Premier Jason Kenney talks about public health restrictions in the libertarians-don’t-understand-what-a communicable-disease-is language of personal freedom, is considering a 14-day circuit breaker to slow transmission. Both provinces have numbers well above Ontario’s per-capita cases; both also have conservative premiers who refused to impose mandatory and significant restrictions until it was too late to do anything else. A circuit-breaking lockdown might become necessary in Ontario.“I thought we needed to do that a while ago,” says Dr. Andrew Morris, a professor of infectious diseases at the University of Toronto, and the medical director of the Antimicrobial Stewardship Program at Sinai-University Health Network. “It all depends what you consider a tipping point for needing a circuit breaker. So if your signal is uncontrolled growth, then we’re past that point. If you’re talking about exceeding hospital capacity, we’re , because of the lag of the effects (of the disease).“Because of how decision-making is or isn’t made, it’s very possible that the only way a decision is going to be made on this is after hospitals are overwhelmed. If there’s no substantial action, then it will be met.”So at least someone stepped up. Ontario has been steering right into exponential growth while telling itself that at least it’s not Manitoba, or Alberta, or the United States. It would be so much better if all levels of government worked together. None of these decisions are easy. It’s all hard, because we let it.And on Tuesday, Toronto made a hard, necessary, admirable choice. Someone had to. 
As he pondered the news that Toronto was  again as case counts soar, Erik Joyal wasn’t exactly shocked. But that didn’t make it any easier to digest.“It’s super disappointing. It’s going to make for another very, very tough month,” said Joyal, partner at Ascari Hospitality Group, which runs several downtown restaurants.The new 28-day restrictions — announced by Toronto’s chief medical officer of health Dr. Eileen De Villa — aim to stem the record COVID numbers Toronto’s been seeing. The restrictions include extensions of a ban on indoor gym and yoga classes, cinemas, casinos and event spaces, as well as extending a ban on indoor dining and drinking, just as the weather cools off and patio season winds down.That, said Joyal, could spell the end for some Ascari properties.“I’ve got landlords breathing down my neck for November rent, and the rent subsidies haven’t come through yet,” said Joyal, referring to the new , unveiled in early October by the federal government.“It’s unacceptable. This city is killing small businesses,” tweeted Celina Blanchard, owner of Lambretta Pizzeria.Restaurants Canada vice president James Rilett said restaurant owners are terrified. Some owners had hoped Toronto would reopen indoor dining by this weekend as had been previously been scheduled, or at worst extend the ban another week, Rilett said. Many will now go out of business permanently, Rilett predicted.“This will be the final nail for a lot of places. Another month is a lot different than an extra week. Some people were hanging on, waiting for this weekend,” said Rilett, who estimated that “well in excess of 50 per cent” of Toronto restaurants won’t survive the pandemic.Those owners are especially mad at political leaders, Rilett added.“Our members are incredibly frustrated being scapegoated, especially when they see politicians saying ‘we understand what you’re going through.’ No they don’t. They’re standing up there at a press conference with six or seven people around them who they clearly don’t live with,” said Rilett.Fitness and yoga studios are also going to get wiped out en masse, predicted Micaela Hoglund, co-owner of F45 Training Etobicoke Central.“This is absolutely devastating. This could be the end for the entire independent fitness-studio industry in Toronto. Even if we reopened, there’s such a stigma now that it will scare people away. And it’s just not fair or accurate,” said Hoglund, who called Toronto’s move arbitrary and an overreach.Hoglund also said it’s more than about just businesses trying to survive; the ongoing restrictions because of COVID are also taking a very personal toll.“Last week a colleague had to sell their house and tell their kids they were moving. I personally know three people in this industry who have taken their own lives during COVID. I’m worried,” said Hoglund, who predicted legal challenges to Toronto’s move will be coming.What’s especially frustrating for many small-business owners is that Toronto’s move comes just a week after the provincial government announced a new colour-coded set of COVID restrictions, said Ryan Mallough, Ontario regional director for the Canadian Federation of Independent Business.“People were relieved to finally see some transparency with how to get into and out of the various stages, when Ontario came up with this system. Now they’re just ready to throw their hands up in the air, because it seems like the provincial system doesn’t even matter,” said Mallough. 
At the start of the COVID-19 pandemic this spring, the emergency room of St. Michael’s Hospital was so inundated with the homeless that they put patient beds into old storage rooms.At times, there were a couple of dozen homeless patients waiting for test results in the emergency room, with nowhere else to go, ER chief Carolyn Snider said. Staff were swamped, and were recording what information they could about their patients — which shelters they had been staying at, what symptoms they were reporting, whether they left against medical advice — on a spreadsheet.Then, in early April, the St. Michael’s team noticed a curious pattern: There had been about 20 people, over the course of a few days, coming in from a single downtown shelter. During a phone call with Toronto Public Health, discussing how the hospital would know when there was an outbreak in a shelter, Snider recalled raising that facility as an example — and being met with surprise on the other end of the phone line. “This person said, ‘What do you mean, X shelter?’” Snider said. “Only for me to realize, we were the warning sign.” Spurred by the call, Snider appealed to the hospital’s team of data scientists for help. And last month, as the city announced its plans to handle the first winter of the pandemic in the shelter system, St. Michael’s rolled out a new tracking tool in its emergency department. According to Muhammad Mamdani, the hospital’s vice-president of data science, the idea was to centralize information about their homeless patients that would previously have been scattered between clinicians’ memories, their social work team’s records, “clunky” makeshift spreadsheets and verbal notes. The tool pulls up a patient’s prior hospital visits, past symptoms, shelters they’ve used, whether they had been tested for COVID-19 before, their results, and if they’d left against advice. And they can now report to public health daily about what they’ve seen in the emergency department, Snider said. Though shelters have seen just a handful of outbreaks recently, she hopes the tool can provide early warning to public health if things take a turn for the worse.“It’s the kind of tool I don’t want to have to test out to its full capacity, because if we have to … then things have gotten really bad again. But we’re ready for that, should we need to.”There’s currently one publicly reported shelter outbreak in Toronto — at a Good Shepherd Ministries site. It was detected after one resident reported a fever, and another a scratchy throat, said Brother David Lynch, executive director. Four residents were initially thought to be infected, but only three were ultimately deemed sick. All were sent to the city’s COVID-19 isolation site.Lynch believes regular check-ins with counsellors and case managers meant those cases were detected quicker than they might have otherwise been — but worries now about safeguarding some of the older residents. Homelessness and health vulnerabilities went hand-in-hand, he explained. “It’s an ongoing struggle, especially when we’re in outbreak,” Lynch said. Snider, who has spent more than a decade in emergency medicine, said inequalities in Toronto are laid bare on the front lines of the health-care system. Between March 1 and Nov. 6, St. Michael’s alone saw more than 1,500 homeless patients through the ER, she said — and many have cycled through repeatedly, with more than 11,000 individual visits from that population.Clinicians were inundated with information while trying to make critical decisions about people’s care, Mamdani said. The tracking tool was to make sure key information about vulnerable patients was clear in front of them. It was “probably pretty disappointing” they needed the tool at all, Snider said, arguing its development should serve as a “wakeup call.”Things had gotten better since the spring, she said — fewer homeless patients were coming through their emergency department since testing processes were updated. Now, when someone shows symptoms, the shelter coordinates with public health and the city to transport them to an assessment centre, then to the isolation site. If that person tests positive for COVID-19, their close contacts are identified and assessed, to see if they need testing too.Shelter users can still show up in the ER. But the entire process seems more organized, Snider said. They might now see six people with no fixed addresses at a time, instead of 20 or 30.Though the tool is limited, in that it doesn’t capture interactions shelter users may have with other hospitals, both Snider and Mamdani believe the tool could be used beyond the pandemic — to detect outbreaks of illnesses like influenza in the shelter system. For now, it’s in place if COVID-19 cases among shelter residents show up first in their ER. “We’re not relying on clinician memory, or some astute clinician to say I’m noticing some patterns,” Mamdani said. “We actually have a system, that routinely tracks this in a systematic way, to alert the right people.”
The numbers are not looking good. Ontario’s  case counts continue to set records as they climb higher. Today, Ontario recorded 1,388 cases, which brings the 7-day average to 1,154 cases daily or 55 cases weekly per 100,000. The province also announced it had 5.7 per cent positivity rate yesterday, which is very high and recorded 15 more deaths.There is a lot of data to get through, and in the midst of what are some very scary numbers, there are a few spots for some hope. Ed Tubb is an assignment editor at the Star, focused on crime, justice and COVID-19 data. He’s been keeping tabs on the province’s numbers and once again joins This Matters to explain the trends, what is happening across the province and how it compares to similar jurisdictions around the world. Listen to this episode and more at  or subscribe at , ,  or wherever you listen to your favourite podcasts.
Arms outstretched, both hands on the wheel, leaning forward, staring intently ahead.Plowed the rented van into people in groups, into people strolling alone, ramming flesh and bones, pinballing off fire hydrants and mailboxes and newspaper boxes and large sidewalk planters and a bike rack and a bench and a concrete monument, but swerving to avoid a parked car, a food kiosk, a hot dog stand.Climbing the curb, deliberately accelerating over victims, never slowing.Bodies spun around, flipped, tossed into the air. A 67-year-old woman heaved upwards and falling back into a shattered bus shelter. An 80-year-old woman trying to jump out of the way, struck in the side of the head by the rampaging van’s mirror. A 24-year-old man trapped on the van’s front hood, sliding beneath, run over. An 85-year-old man crossing the street, flung two metres, skidding another six metres, landing on his head. A 30-year-old woman dragged under the van, a 45-year-old woman caught in the vehicle’s underframe, hauled 52 metres, the two women disgorged side by side in front of Mel Lastman Square. An 80-year-old woman, hit from behind, wrapped around the windshield, “expelled” near the rear tire. A 94-year-old, inching along with her walker, arabesqued across the pavement. The human wreckage included: broken jaw, broken ribs, fractured pelvis, dislocated shoulder, bleeding skull, collapsed lung, bleeding kidney, spinal fracture, broken scapula, broken hip, broken vertebrae, fractured humerus, facial lacerations, crushed legs, fractured tailbone, cervical fracture and catastrophic head injury.Bleeding from noses, mouths, ears.Drivers furiously honking horns to warn pedestrians. A brave fellow who raced in pursuit of the van, tried reaching through the open window, but the vehicle sped up and away.Dead on scene. Dead on scene. Dead on scene. Again and again, as a virtual courtroom heard on Tuesday: “Final resting place of …”Died in the ambulance on way to hospital.Died in hospital.Ten people, strangers, killed.Cause of death: Blunt force trauma. Blunt force trauma. Blunt force trauma.Sixteen victims who survived the blood-splattering havoc. For the survivors, a lifetime of physical and emotional agony.Both legs amputated here. Multiple surgeries there. Months in a hospital bed. A woman whose memory loss left her unable to recognize loved ones.Mayhem along 2.6 kilometres of Yonge Street in North York.“On a warm spring afternoon, on April 23, 2018, numerous pedestrians were out along Yonge Street enjoying the sunshine,” said Crown Attorney Joseph Callaghan, “when their worlds were shattered by Mr. Minassian.”Alek Minassian, the self-described incel — short for “involuntary celibate” — who was indisputably the perpetrator of all that devastation. He’s admitted to planning and executing it. His lawyers have agreed to an admission of facts detailing it. At issue is the “state of mind” of the accused when he inflicted all that horror; pleading not guilty, not criminally responsible, under Sec. 16 of the Criminal Code — suffering from a mental disorder whereby a person is rendered incapable of appreciating the nature and quality of the act or of knowing that it was wrong.“As your honour is aware,” said Callaghan, “Mr. Minassian’s actions are not in dispute in this trial as per the agreed statement of fact. Mr. Minassian will be admitting that he intended to kill the 10 people who died. That the murders were planned and deliberate and that he in fact did cause the death of those people. Further, Mr. Minassian will be admitting that he intended to kill 16 others and that he caused the injuries suffered by them as a result of his action.”From Minassian, 28, the only words he spoke on Tuesday: “I’m entering a plea of not criminally responsible for all the counts.”He’d been thinking about it, plotting it, for nearly a year, the virtual judge-alone trial — everybody involved participating remotely, watching events on screen, including Justice Anne Molloy, and Minassian, wearing an open-necked shirt and sports coat, from the detention centre where he’s being held — actually the double-locked assessment unit at Hamilton’s St. Joseph’s Healthcare.Some three weeks before the killing spree, Minassian had reserved a truck for the lethal purpose. On April 23, after being dropped off at a Woodbridge strip mall by his father, who believed his son was meeting a friend, he walked about four kilometres to the Ryder Rental Company.“I thought I was getting a truck,” Minassian complained to the employee at the counter. Said he needed it to move some furniture. Paid with VISA. But a 10-foot van is what he got.A bigger truck had been preferred, as Minassian, wearing a white boiler suit, would late that night explain in a four-hour interview with Toronto police Det. Rob Thomas, “because it would be large enough to inflict severe damage.”Someone had to show him how to put the van in drive.April 23 was chosen as his mission date because, by then, he would have finished his exams at Seneca for a degree in software development.Drove south to Highway 7 and across to Yonge, stopped at Finch Avenue for a red light. The “attack location,” he would describe it, forthrightly, sounding perfectly reasonable, certainly not appearing muddled in recounting his actions or the purpose behind them.“It was at this point that he determined he was going to begin his mission,” said Callaghan.“I floored the pedal. I steered the van towards them and I allowed the van to collide with them. Some people got knocked out of the way, some rolled over the van. The only reason I stopped the attack was because someone’s drink had splashed on the windshield.“I wanted to do more but I was kind of foiled by a lack of visibility,” Minassian says in the videotaped interview, all of which was played on Tuesday.The killing frenzy only came to an end, near Sheppard Avenue, because of that spilled drink flying out of a victim’s cup. Minassian exited the van, gesturing as if he was holding a gun — it was actually his wallet — as he was approached by Toronto police Const. Ken Lam, who so famously did  shoot.“Hands up! Get down!” shouts Lam as he approached within six feet.Minassian, on the tape: “I point my wallet at the officer with the intent that it would be confused with a gun, so I would be shot. My intent was suicide by cop.”Instead, he was lowered to the ground, hands cuffed behind his back. Whisked away to 32 Division, amidst the detritus of mass murder — shoes that had be ripped off victims, scattered cellphones, purses, bodies covered with orange blankets.Why had he not armed himself with a real weapon, Thomas asked. “I was thinking of purchasing a toy gun but I was kind of paranoid that the Ryder Rental Company would ask to see my pockets. I decided to go as stealthy as possible so nobody would suspect anything.”Who — what — is Alek Minassian? A platoon of psychiatrists and psychologists will take a run at answering that question over the coming weeks.What Minassian said of himself in that police interview:“I was kind of a nerd in high school.“You can’t control your looks.”He had no luck with girls. He was a virgin and unhappy about it. But on the internet, on sites such as 4chan, he found like-minded males, churning with fury and bitterness toward the Chads and Stacys of the world, who ignored the likes of them.“I know of several other guys over the internet who feel the same way. But I would consider them too cowardly to act on their anger.”He was no coward. All hail Alek. As indeed, when he’d announced on 4chan that morning that he was setting out to do what needed to be done, he’d heard “from quite a lot of people who were congratulating me.”At first, queried about his relationship with females, Minassian demurred. “I don’t wish to answer that.”But he couldn’t resist.“I would say that sometimes I am a bit upset that they (Stacys) choose to date obnoxious men instead of gentlemen.” Like him.“Because I feel that it’s illogical to be dating such men when they could be dating gentlemen instead.” Like him.There was that time, at the start of college, Halloween of 2013, when he attended a house party. “I walked in and attempted to socialize with some girls. However, they all laughed at me and held the arms of the (other) guys instead.“I felt very angry because I considered myself a gentleman. I started thinking that it’s unfair that certain guys will not get any love and affection from girls. Such as me, that are very nice and acting gentlemanly.”Near the conclusion of the interview, the detective wonders how Minassian is feeling now, at the end of a most extraordinary day for the accused.Minassian: “I feel like I accomplished my mission.”
4-Door, Extended Cab Half-Ton Pickup Front engine, 4x4, 8-Speed automatic transmission 3.6-litre, VVT V6 with eTorque (305 hp, 269 lb.-ft.) (Regular) 12.2 / 9.7 / 11.1L/100 km city/highway/combined 1738 litres (61.4 cu. ft.) 6,640 lb.$66,825 (as tested) including destination fee taxes and options: When you think of “people’s car,” you don’t exactly think about a living room on wheels that’s capable of pulling down your house. However, half-ton pickup trucks from Detroit’s Big Three remain the very best selling vehicles in North America. The Ram 1500 usually trades places with the Chevrolet Silverado for second and third place each year, consistently behind the ever-popular Ford F150.It’s not to say there aren’t a lot of people out there who legitimately need a pickup truck in their life. Whether it be for work in the trades or play with toys that require a tow, having a pickup in your life can be a sensible utility.But for most, what they really want to do is buy into the pickup truck lifestyle. And for that, the Ram 1500 Big Horn is the perfect choice. It’s a pickup truck for those who don’t need, but rather simply want a big pickup truck. There is perhaps no component more emblematic of that than our as-tested model’s pedestrian V-6 engine.There is no getting around the fact the 3.6-litre Pentastar V-6 feels absolutely anemic in a vehicle that weighs over 2.5 tons. Even with the mild hybrid “eTorque” system helping out. However, I do have to admit that I was absolutely astounded by the phenomenal fuel economy — I averaged about 11.5L/100 km in the week I had our test model.Despite the power deficit, you can also still tow 6,640 pounds and haul 1,910 pounds. Trailer Sway Control, an electronic transfer case, traction control and of course 4x4 drive will help you put those capabilities to the test, in addition to a tow setting that will lock the drivetrain in an optimal state for the task.So it’s massively fuel-efficient and you can still do all the big-engine work. For the pickup curious, it’s perfectly .Having said that, I would still recommend going for the more powerful Hemi V-8, particularly if you had some serious pickup work to do. Because even though the 3.6-litre is  , what you want in a pickup is the feeling of power — the ease of use. Also you don’t want to ever answer, “No” when somebody inevitably asks, “That thing got a Hemi?” While all half-ton pickups from The Big Three are more or less evenly matched when it comes to capabilities, where the Ram 1500 really stands out is the styling. On the outside, it’s perhaps the only vehicle left on the market where chrome looks appropriate. From the grille that looks like a farm fence to the wheels that seem to have taken their inspiration from cowboy spurs, the RAM just creates such a wonderful blue-collar motif that it’s difficult for any country kid to not be charmed. That motif is even more exaggerated on the inside. The “Black and Light Mountain Brown” interior of our test model makes the Ram look like the inside of a Texas Ranch house or a sitting room that exists purely for the purpose of smoking cigars. I love it. Unapologetically, I full stop love it.The Big Horn Level 2 Equipment Group makes the Ram 1500 even more “casual friendly.” Front-heated seats, a heated steering wheel, dual-zone climate control, adjustable lumbar support, second-row in-floor storage bins all make the Ram very road-trip friendly, The legroom in the cab is also immense, including 35.6 inches in the rear. Between the spacious interior and the many additional power outlets, you could probably go camping in the Ram and just use it as your tent.Also included is an 8.4-inch touchscreen that is easy to navigate and connect your phone to through FCA’s serviceable Uconnect system. Android Auto and Apple CarPlay are both compatible. A seven-inch cluster display can be easily customized to tell you everything from fuel economy, to service information such as tire pressure, oil life, oil temperature, transmission temperature, coolant temperature and more.Another bonus to half-ton pickups is safety. Besides being a good two or three miles between you and whatever the Ram has connected with, you get more airbags than you thought possible in a vehicle. Front-seat mounted airbags, multi-stage front airbags and supplemental side curtain airbags are all standard to keep you safe in a crash. Parking assist and a rear backup camera will help you avoid scratches and dings in a parking garage.Is a Dodge Ram with a V-6 engine a proper half-ton pickup? No. If you’re serious about using your pickup as a pickup, then you need a Hemi.But if what you want is the experience of a pickup when you don’t have a legitimate need for a pickup, then this truck is a great option. Like Red Wing leather boots or a real Fender Stratocaster guitar; you don’t need the level of performance or true utility that they offer, because you’re not an iron miner or a touring musician — but you do want a little taste of the Americana lifestyle that they offer. This is referred to in philosophy as “transcendental knowledge”— the idea that it is possible for you to have a full experience simply by interacting with objects.That’s what the Ram does better than any of its competitors; it offers transcendence. Like boots designed in the 1800s or guitars from the 1950s, you get a little taste of a lifestyle through experiencing an object. And that’s why I would buy one.
OTTAWA—In the United States, it’s called “Operation Warp Speed” — a massive, army-led effort to ensure swift purchase, distribution and delivery of a safe and effective vaccine, once one is approved.In Canada, you could call it Operation Wait Speed.The Liberal government promises Ottawa will be ready as soon as the new year to distribute a vaccine to provinces that will in turn deliver it to Canadians high on the priority list.Anita Anand, the minister responsible for nailing down the logistics of that “complex” operation, said Tuesday that “all options are on the table” — including calling on the military — to get that job done.But the country’s largest pharmaceutical distributing company, McKesson Canada, is warning that the federal government faces a “Herculean task” to distribute a vaccine to nearly 38 million people, in part because it lacks the deep freeze storage capacity required by two of the leading vaccine front-runners engaged by Canada.McKesson says it is “most concerned” that two of the vaccine companies Canada’s signed with — including Pfizer/BioNTech which produces the promising vaccine that raised hopes Monday — require either ultra-frozen (minus 80 C) or frozen (minus 20 C) storage and transportation conditions.“The existing public and private vaccine supply chains in Canada are not equipped to support frozen and/or ultra-frozen COVID-19 vaccines at scale,” the company said in a written statement.The company estimates Canada would require 1.7 million cubic square feet of frozen and/or ultra-frozen warehousing space for 75 million doses — roughly the size of about 500 tractor-trailers. It is impossible to get a clear picture from federal officials of how much capacity now exists. Asked how many of the ultra-frozen units Canada has, Howard Njoo, Canada’s deputy public health officer, told the Star Tuesday that “we can’t tell you the number, we have to buy them.”Even McKesson, the biggest player in pharmaceutical distribution in Canada, only has very limited capacity for frozen vaccines, said president Dimitris Polygenis — and none at all for ultra-frozen.“Our frozen infrastructure is limited to a single refrigerator-sized freezer,” said Polygenis, who added that the company’s ability to transport frozen drugs is “limited.”McKesson Canada’s American parent company is at the heart of the U.S. government’s vaccine delivery project, Operation Warp Speed. It is the centralized distributor and will bundle a vaccine with syringes, needles and other supplies, and deliver the kits to point-of-care sites across the United States once the FDA approves a safe and effective vaccine.Its Canadian subsidiary is among 70 other private sector companies in talks with Ottawa to create a public-private supply chain that can get vaccines “in the arms” of Canadians as Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday, once they are available.But there are many more challenges ahead in what Trudeau admitted will be a “complex” job.Among them:So far, Canada has signed contracts with seven vaccine suppliers, including with the Pfizer-BioNTech group that  promising results Monday that buoyed many infectious disease experts. Those contracts add up to “a minimum” of 194 million potential doses up to “a maximum” of 414 million doses, Anand said. Ottawa would be in line to receive vaccines in the first part of 2021 if all goes well, ranking Canada with the European Union, Ireland, Japan, New Zealand, Australia and “many other countries,” according to Anand.While Anand would not say what kind of timeline it would take before all 38 million Canadians have access to a vaccine, her department’s information material has told potential distribution contractors that “Canada expects the work to continue through at least the second quarter of 2022.”Anand defended what she called an “aggressive” vaccine procurement strategy, saying the Liberal government has already bought 90 million syringes and 100 million needles, “sharps” containers, 90 million alcohol swabs, 75 million bandages and gauze strips and 90 million alcohol swabs.
 98 Oke Rd.,Hwy. 2 and Prestonvale Rd.$549,900$610,000$430,000 (2017) about 1,024 sq. ft.$3,474 (2020)3 2August 31/20. October 30/20.This detached two-storey home sold in four days for 111 per cent of the listing price.“This brick home features a double drive and an attached garage with five parking spaces in total. It also has hardwood floors throughout the main level, a kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a spacious tiered deck, and a fully finished basement,” says listing agent Miia Kelly.The home is near schools, restaurants, shopping, a library, places of worship, parks, public transit, and easy access to Hwys. 2 and 401. hardwood floors; living room; dining room with walkout to deck; kitchen with breakfast bar, ceramic tile backsplash and stainless steel appliances.broadloomed floors;primary bedroom with closet; second bedroom with closet and ceiling fan; third bedroom with closet; four-piece bathroom.recreation room with broadloom and above-grade window; three-piece bathroom. Miia Kelly, Royal LePage Signature Realty, Brokerage, ;  55 Glass Dr.,Murray and Glass Drs.$872,500$915,000 $189,300 (1993)about 1,038 sq. ft.63-by-113 feet, two-car attached garage, private drive$4,396 (2020)32September 8/20.  October 30/20.Selling in two weeks for 105 per cent of the listing price, this raised bungalow in Aurora’s Highlands neighbourhood is walking distance to schools and parks.“This well-maintained brick home features hardwood floors throughout, a dining room with a walkout to a deck, a wood-burning stove and a wet bar in the finished basement, and a fully-fenced backyard. The two-car garage has garden doors that open to the rear yard,” said listing agent Kathryn Johnson.The home is near schools, shopping, restaurants, a community centre, places of worship, golf clubs, an ice rink, the Aurora GO station, and easy access to Hwys. 400 and 404.hardwood floors; living room; dining room with walkout; kitchen with stainless steel appliances and double sink; primary bedroom plus two secondary bedrooms; four-piece bathroom.recreation room with broadloomed floor, wood-burning stove and wet bar; den with broadloom on floor; four-piece bathroom. Kathryn Johnson, Coldwell Banker R.M.R Real Estate, Brokerage, 705-324-3411; .
 Five-door three-row SUV Front engine, all-wheel drive four-cylinder turbo, 227 hp, 310 lb.-ft. of torque11.6/9.1 L/100 KM 6-speed automatic407/1,082/2,0173,500LBS$50,150 For 2021, every vehicle in Mazda’s Canadian lineup is getting some form of refresh and a select few are getting updated with two exclusive packages: the 100th Anniversary package and the Kuro package, which graces the 2021 CX-9 you see here. Essentially, “Kuro” is a design-centric package, though one not to be confused with “Kodo,” which is what Mazda calls its current design language. With the CX-9 Kuro you start with a CX-9 in GT trim ($50,925), which sits one level from the top in the lineup. The Kuro design adds an extra $1,300 and gets you one of two paint choices (the Polymetal Grey seen here and Jet Black Mica), black wheels, Garnet Red interior, black mirror caps and red contrast stitching on the non-red portions of the cockpit. It’s a really cool design, I’m just not 100 per cent sold on whether the Polymetal Grey colourway works for the CX-9.Granted, the matte-grey look is one that’s become quite popular in the car and light truck world these days, but it remains a somewhat specialized shade and I’m not sure it works on the massive body panels of a three-row SUV. Yes, it makes perfect sense and looks fantastic on, say, the Mazda3 Sport hatchback, but it just seems like they’re trying a little too hard slapping it on the CX-9. Not to mention the CX-9 looks absolutely spectacular in Mazda’s Soul Red Mica tint.I do love the Garnet Red leather interior, though. It’s just the right amount of classy and cool and since there’s a nice divide between black and red colours in the cabin, there’s no red overload.So the cabin looks nice and even with the flowing lines and somewhat aggressive roofline that punctuates the exterior styling, it’s roomy inside the CX-9. Front passengers get 1,041 mm of legroom and 1,019 mm of headroom with the moonroof, while second-row passengers get a generous 1,001 mm of legroom and 978 mm of headroom. The door openings are such that it’s pretty easy to get in and out of the CX-9, though I did strike my knee on the centre console a few times during my test. Once in, though, I found the driver’s seating position to be right on, and the 10-way power adjustable seat to be comfortable. I think I was even more impressed with the third row of seating, though. There’s room for two in the third row and since the second row is made up of two captain’s chairs, getting back there is not a struggle even for taller, larger folks like yours truly. Once in, meanwhile, the seating area suits adults just fine for shorter drives and it’s perfect for the kids. There are cupholders and storage bins on either side, too, as well as two of the six USB ports found inside. All this points to a third row that’s meant to be used pretty regularly. Dropping those seats to the floor, meanwhile, provides 1,082 litres of cargo space while folding all the seats allows for 2,017 L. More than enough room for a family of four going on holiday, that’s for sure. Being the GT trim, my tester came fully equipped with heated front and second-row seats, ventilated front seats, Android Auto and wireless Apple CarPlay and charging as well as 12-speaker Bose audio system, three-zone climate control and heated steering wheel. There is very little more that I’d ask for from my three-row SUV, though I am a little bummed that we Canadians don’t get the new 10.25-inch infotainment display that U.S. models do. That’s because that larger display is linked directly with Mazda Connected Services that run through AT&T in the U.S. and have yet to find a home in Canadian cars. The nine-inch display my tester had isn’t bad by any means, but to not have the 10.25-inch display option is a bit of a shame, as is the fact that the CX-9 still uses the older, slower Mazda infotainment interface as opposed to the new version offered on the Mazda3 and CX-30.What we do get, though, is Mazda’s very good turbocharged four-cylinder that puts out 227 horsepower and 310 pound-feet of torque, fed to the wheels via a six-speed automatic transmission with paddle shifters.Even though the CX-9 weighs in at just a hair under 2,000 kilos, this power plant makes short work of highway entry ramps and passing manoeuvres as it is a great balance between engine and transmission and I didn’t miss having a larger, naturally-aspirated V-6, as is so often the case with vehicles of this type.It took Mazda a little while to get on the turbo train, but obviously they weren’t twiddling their thumbs and they’ve managed to deliver a smooth powertrain with low turbo lag and a pleasingly flat torque curve; peak torque arrives at just 2,000 r.p.m. so there’s always power on-tap and you don’t need a trick eight-plus gear count to get the most out of it.Acceleration and highway speeds are nice and all, but the CX-9 remains a Mazda and the manufacturer’s “zoom zoom” tag line isn’t lost on it, even though it’s a sizable three-row SUV. Turn in once you add some lock to the (surprisingly small) steering wheel is responsive and immediate, and well-tuned dampers mean body roll is minimal. It all combines to make for a large three-row SUV that drives more like its smaller CX-5 two-row sibling — I should know, having driven the latest CX-5 not long after my week with the CX-9. Perhaps I shouldn’t be spending so much time discussing the drive characteristics of a non-performance three-row SUV, but the CX-9 really does have the goods to justify that angle, It has the space and interior features that most SUV buyers need, too, so you’ve got a great mix of two worlds here.
Ross Atkins identified defence and strike-throwing as the biggest areas of improvement for the  this off-season, which makes the general manager’s decision to re-sign left-hander Robbie Ray seem a little bit unusual.The 29-year-old left-hander hands out more free passes than a sparsely attended nightclub on King Street. At times his fastball appears allergic to the strike zone. His walk rate has increased each of the last four years, and his 45 walks in 2020 (in 51 2/3 innings) were the most in the majors. Those aren’t the kinds of numbers the Blue Jays are looking for, especially following a season in which they trailed only the Red Sox with 250 bases on balls. But there’s another side to this argument. The Jays know the risks and they’re gambling that Ray will start resembling the guy he was a few years ago, not the pitcher he became in 2020. Toronto is focused on upside more than anything else, which is the prudent approach considering the team has enough secondary pieces in place if the experiment fails, with more help coming soon.This signing is all about mechanics. Ray made a series of major changes to his delivery earlier this year. He altered the footwork of his setup and raised his arm slot. The goal was to throw more strikes, but the opposite happened. After a mid-season trade, the Blue Jays spent the final month reversing the adjustments and trying to get Ray back to the sidearming pitcher he was before.“That was a decision I made (last) off-season,” Ray said. “I felt (the revised arm slot) would give me a little more consistency. Hindsight is 20-20, obviously it didn’t really. I felt like when I got to Toronto, I got back to where I was beforehand. “Results were mixed, but for the most part I was more comfortable with my previous delivery. I felt like I was able to throw more strikes. So that’s where I’m at right now. I’m back to where my old delivery was at and really focusing on fine tuning that instead of making a massive overhaul.”Ray once seemed to be on the verge of becoming one of the top pitchers in the National League. He made the all-star team in 2017 when he went 15-5 with a 2.89 ERA and 218 strikeouts across 162 innings. He went 6-2 with a 3.93 ERA in 24 starts the following year.But things started going sideways in 2019. Opponents were teeing off Ray’s fastball and he issued a career-high 84 walks. That prompted his desire for change and, instead of makings things better, a new delivery made everything worse. Ray walked a batter per inning in seven starts for the Diamondbacks before joining the Blue Jays at the trade deadline and dropping that number to 6.1 per nine innings.The Jays don’t need Ray to become the Cy Young Award winner people expected for this deal to make sense. They do, however, require him to at least get back to where he was before. The fact that Ray was the first free-agent signing made by any team this off-season shows their confidence he can do that. “From the first day we could start thinking about potential adds for the 2021 team, he has been a focal point for us,” Atkins said. “The talent level, the power, the strikeouts. The 80 (grade) slider. He has shown the ability to dominate.“Last year was a tough run, especially the first half for him. (We) felt like he had gotten back closer to the 2017-18 performer by the end of the season and was very effective in his time with us.”It’s the upside the Jays require. The rotation’s floor was set earlier this year with the addition of Tanner Roark and the development of Anthony Kay, Thomas Hatch and Julian Merryweather. But the club needs at least a few guys above them to be premium options. Toronto has two plus-pitchers in Hyun-Jin Ryu and Nate Pearson. A third should be added in the coming weeks via free agency or trade. Ray potentially gives the club a fourth high-end arm and how that group fares will determine whether the staff becomes a strength. In a free-agent class littered with reclamation projects, the Jays opted for the guy they had hands-on experience with, even if it was for just a few short weeks.“I felt like I was in a position where I felt like a one-year deal was going to be necessary to boost my value going into next free agency,” Ray said when asked about his desire to sign quickly. “It just so happened that there was a fit in Toronto. There was mutual interest in both of us getting something together before free agency really started hitting the ground.”One starting pitcher down. One to go. Toronto was always going to have to gamble this winter, Ray represents the first roll of the dice. High risk, high reward. That’s what MLB’s off-season is all about. 
When he did it, all 16 hours and 46 minutes and nine seconds of physical and psychological hell, his father told him: “You woke up this morning as a boy with Down syndrome. You’re going home as an Ironman.”Chris Nikic. He’s 21. This is the best “Florida man” story you’ll ever hear.He made the unrealistic his reality. The native of Maitland, Florida, believed in the unbelievable. On Saturday in Panama City Beach, Florida, he became the first person with Down syndrome to complete an Ironman triathlon — a 2.4-mile swim, 112-mile bike ride and 26.2-mile run. So that’s swimming 2.4 miles, biking 112 miles ... and then running a marathon.Chris Nikic is not just an Ironman — he’s a superhero.Somewhere, Cal Ripken surely is in awe. Somewhere, Tony Stark marvels. And as the story spread across the country on Sunday, the superhero in tights (a swimming body suit, of course) stirred strangers.In Town and Country, Mike Griffin told the story of Chris Nikic to his son, Jack.“It is inspirational for him and makes him feel good that other young men like him are meeting their goals,” said Griffin, whose son also has Down syndrome. “I think that was the best thing about it. It made him smile and feel confident and happy about it ... . It’s just a wonderful story and hopefully it’s eye-opening for folks to not put limitations on their own kids.”In Ferguson, Special Olympian Daxton Miller exclaimed: “I’m happy he did it!”Miller, 42, has excelled in so many of the sports he has tried, from tennis to basketball to golf to even horseback riding.“I’m happy he did it,” Miller continued, “because he did his best.”Nik Nikic, Chris’ beaming father, once shared his son’s journey on a YouTube interview with Ironman athlete Bob Babbitt. As the story goes, Chris Nikic actually wasn’t that active until a few years ago. Chris underwent some surgeries that left him sedentary and isolated at home.So Chris’ parents, Nik and Patty, got their son involved in the Special Olympics Florida and a new triathlon program. They began to see positive perks in their son. Accelerated development. Working out brought out so much more Chris than they thought was inside the boy. He ultimately accomplished a half-Ironman, with the help of his guide, Dan Grieb. Chris even began giving public motivational speeches.He created a mantra: “Get 1 per cent better every day.” They made a website with the “1% challenge.” It was all just so powerful and beautiful.Extraordinary, really.Then came the big race on Saturday. Grieb completed the entire Ironman alongside Chris.“Watching the two of them cross the finish line together was one of the best and greatest things of my life,” Nik Nikic said by phone Sunday night. “Up until (Saturday), he was getting a couple hundred messages per day from people around the world who are inspired by his journey. A lot of the messages are from families like us, with kids with special needs or Down syndrome and how inspired they were for their kids. And so it’s touched Chris and touched us quite a bit.“Since (Saturday), we have just completely been overwhelmed. For instance, his Instagram account went from 21,000 followers to 61,000 in one day. You know, thousands and thousands of messages, direct messages. He’s reading them, we’re looking at stuff, but we can see that it’s touched a lot of people around the world like us and others. When you have someone who has so little that is expected of them, and yet they achieve so much? It has a way of impacting the rest of us in a way that makes us reflective of our own abilities and thankful of our own gifts.“I think in many ways, he helps people to realize that they can do more. Because he lets them use him as a mirror to look inwardly and say, ‘Look, if he can do so much with so little, what can I do with what I’ve got?’ And I think that’s the message that’s resonating. Because it’s not about him — it’s about how he makes other people feel about themselves.”Chris Nikic’s story spread among the staff at Special Olympics Missouri. As explained by Brian Neuner, chief development and marketing officer, “We really focus on the ability, not the disability. And so, this was just an amazing example of where his ability was realized, even though he even has a disability. We really focus on programs that are geared toward helping people move forward and advance — progress can be measured in so many different ways. Obviously, an Ironman, that’s an extreme accomplishment.”Neuner loves the camaraderie of Special Olympians. And even though, for instance, Daxton Miller and Chris Nikic have never met, they already have a bond. Same for Jack Griffin, who has participated in numerous Special Olympic sports and in Albert Pujols’ annual basketball game for St. Louisans with Down syndrome.“The pandemic has been very difficult on athletes across the nation,” Neuner said, “because they’re dealing with isolation and depression and they’re not able to be involved in the programs they normally are. So, this story comes at a good time, because it’s an example for everyone, not just people with special needs.”
Fans of the “Avengers” film franchise can try their luck at joining the superhero team in an immersive exhibition at Yorkdale Shopping Centre.Marvel Avengers S.T.A.T.I.O.N.: The Experience will make its Canadian debut at the Toronto mall on Nov. 20, staying until Jan. 31, 2021.S.T.A.T.I.O.N. stands for Scientific Training and Tactical Intelligence Operative Network. Visitors to the exhibit, presented by Paquin Entertainment Group and Victory Hill Exhibitions along with Yorkdale, journey through a multi-room training facility with “unprecedented access to the most sensitive intelligence and cutting-edge science behind the Avengers,” the news release says. After completing training, they become members of the network.The rooms feature Marvel characters like Captain America, Iron Man, Black Panther, the Hulk and Thor, with movie props and costumes on view, including Thor’s hammer, Iron Man’s Hall of Armour and Captain America’s shield.In a Toronto exclusive, visitors will learn about Wakanda in a new Black Panther exhibit.The organizers say all pandemic precautions will be taken at the 25,000-square-foot exhibit, including timed ticket entry and limited capacity, health screening upon entry, mandatory masks and “diligent cleaning protocols.”See  to buy tickets, which go on sale Nov. 12.Productions is proving that you can’t take the panto out of a pandemic with the first virtual version of its annual family musical comedy.Appropriately titled “There’s No Place Like Home for the Holidays,” the production will follow Dorothy “from the iconic heel click in ‘The Wizard of Oz’” as she journeys home for her aunt’s and uncle’s annual holiday party. This would have been the 25th live Ross Petty panto had the COVID-19 pandemic not intervened. “We’ve taken our beloved family winter holiday tradition at Toronto’s Elgin Theatre and reconfigured it to bring its silliness and joy into homes across Canada,” Petty said in a news release.The cast is full of favourites, including , , ,  and , plus a couple of newcomers, , host of YTV’s “The Zone,” and , the 11-year-old from Vaughan who made it to the finals of “America’s Got Talent.” The panto will be available for viewing Dec. 19 and 20. Tickets, which are $35 per household, are now on sale at  with a portion of proceeds going to support Kids Help Phone.The TD Toronto Jazz Festival is keeping the music alive with a new online series, “Stories From Home.”Each week, on the jazz fest’s Facebook page, a different local music will be profiled through personal stories, video and, of course, music.“When our regular festival plans were cancelled this year, we wanted to find a way to highlight local musicians, some of whom were scheduled to play at the festival,” artistic director  said in a news release. “The musicians featured have all been seriously affected by the pandemic and have all found unique ways to persevere.”The first three musicians featured are drummer, composer, bandleader and publicist ; , “Canada’s Sweetheart of Swing”; and vocalist .
In what it’s calling a “necessary step” to eliminate “systemic inequities,” Peel Region’s embattled public school board is ensuring Black and Indigenous students have a route into its elite academic programs. Starting now, on applications for fall 2021, students who identify as Black, African, Métis, First Nations or Inuit and meet admission criteria, will bypass the regular selection lottery to enrol in the specialty program of their choice, according to a report released late Tuesday by the Peel District School Board.Charline Grant, co-founder of Parents of Black Children, a parent advocacy group, calls the move “bold” and “necessary.” “Our children have always had the capacity and capability but they were deliberately denied and held back,” she said. “They weren’t given the opportunity. With this move it will level the playing field.”Right now, 10 per cent of Peel’s 41,705 secondary school students are Black — yet they make up less than 2 per cent of those enrolled in the Regional Learning Choices Program. Highly competitive, there are only about 2,200 students in total in the RLCP, which includes the International Baccalaureate program, as well as advanced courses in science, technology, arts and music. Peel’s focus — and direct action — to increase the ranks of Black and Indigenous students in high-achieving programs appears to be a unique and courageous step forward, a first among local school boards. The Toronto District School Board has faltered over the last few years at narrowing some inequality gaps. In 2017, it had to back off a proposal to shutter specialty schools in order to reallocate resources more fairly to students of all backgrounds and in all neighbourhoods. That same year, a University of Toronto study found that the TDSB’s art schools were home to nearly twice as many white, wealthy students as compared to schools around the city, concluding they are remarkably homogeneous despite the board’s diverse demographics. Recently, the Peel board has come under fire for reports of racism in some of its schools resulting in higher suspension rates for Black students. As well, some complained that Black students had been discouraged from taking academic courses that provide a path to university.Colleen Russell-Rawlins, PDSB’s interim director of education, said the move to admit qualified Black and Indigenous students directly into the elite programs without having to submit to the random selection process is just the first step. Next, she said, the board will review the entire process of admittance to these specialized programs and figure out why these disparities exist in the first place. In consultation with staff and community members, she said, further adjustments will be made.“We can’t fulfil our mission to inspire success, confidence and hope in each student until we take real and meaningful steps to provide access to those students who have been excluded,” she said.“We are ensuring our programs are open to these students who have historically not been able to participate.”At the heart of this move is a procedural change in the way Peel administrators admit students into these advanced programs. They decided to amend the process after crunching enrolment data, specifically for these two groups of students. Earlier this year, the Ministry of Education directed the Peel board to eliminate disparities in achievement among the various racial communities as part of its annual accountability review.The current move is also a direct result of the Peel board’s realization that there are fewer than 10 Black students enrolled in some of the RLCP programs, according to data contained in the report, including for leadership and graphic design management. Of the roughly 55 Black students enrolled in RLCP courses, a majority are in sports, dance, music or visual arts. South Asian students appear to comprise roughly half of the students body in the academic RLCP programs, the data shows.There are even fewer Indigenous students in any of the courses, the report’s data shows, but, it said that may be a function of the very few students who, on the school board’s 2018 census, identified as First Nations, Métis and/or Inuit.Grant said these low enrolment numbers come as a shock to exactly zero Black parents who have witnessed discrimination against their kids first hand. She said Black children are not as routinely tested for the gifted program or streamed to French immersion as students from other cultural groups. But the momentum shouldn’t stop at Peel, she said, but be legislated for boards across the province. Danielle Dowdy, 41, who has two kids in the Peel system, said this push for Black students is an “important first step in ... breaking down the barriers to access.” The second step, she said, is communication. It’s one thing to help them get into the programs, but it’s quite another to let them and their parents know the programs exist in the first place. Often times kids apply to these programs because they have a parent who is aware and knows how to help them. Or have teachers who tap them on the shoulder, something Dowdy hopes will start to happen more often. Dowdy, who is also a parent representative with We Rise Together, the board’s initiative to support Black students, said applications for the advanced placement programs have been online for a few weeks but no one really knows about it. There hasn’t been a targeted communication strategy to Black and Indigenous students, she said. She, along with other parent representatives from , are trying to organize an information session. They will post information about it online.Dowdy doesn’t know yet if her children, a 7-year-old girl and a 6-year-old boy, will apply for any of the specialized programs, but the important thing is for them to have a choice about whether or not to go and that “they haven’t been cut off at the knees without choice.”
Peel police announced Tuesday they’ve made a fourth arrest in connection with the allegedly  killing of 26-year-old Mario Ibrahim in Mississauga.Officers found Ibrahim suffering from multiple gunshot wounds in the city centre of Mississauga, just before midnight on Oct. 22, 2019. Over a year later, on Tuesday, they arrested the fourth suspect in his killing — and now Justin Malcolm, a 34-year-old from Brampton, has been charged with first-degree murder.Police said Ibrahim was in his car outside an apartment building on Webb Drive when a man walked up and shot him multiple times. The gunman then fled in a dark-coloured SUV; Ibrahim would die at the scene.Ibrahim had survived a different shooting just two days earlier, police added, when he and a friend were driving east along Highway 401 and a similar-looking SUV pulled near and someone inside it fired several shots at them. While the vehicle was hit several times, neither Ibrahim nor his friend were injured.After Ibrahim’s death, police would  the seizure of a brown 2012 Infinity IFX SUV, believed to be the same one used in Ibrahim’s shooting. On December 4, 2019, Peel police arrested 24-year-old Mississauga natives Brandon Drakes-Simon and Melnee Christian on charges of first-degree murder; later that month, 38-year-old Brampton native Jason Williams was arrested and given the same charge.However, the investigation would continue into the new year. In March of 2020, a warrant was issued for the arrest of a new suspect, Justin Malcolm.Const. Danny Marttini, media officer with Peel Regional Police, said officers spent the next few months searching for him, but wouldn’t find him until Tuesday. On that same day, Williams — already in custody — was charged with attempted murder in connection with the earlier attempt on Ibrahim’s life. Both men will appear before the Ontario Court of Justice on Wednesday.Marttini was unable to elaborate on the relationship between Ibrahim and his alleged killers.Ibrahim may not be the sole victim in this case.  they linked the dark-coloured SUV to a robbery and shooting on Oct. 9, at an adult entertainment club in Mississauga.A woman was robbed and shots were fired. There were no injuries.
York Regional Police are reporting “very serious” injuries following a two to three car collision Tuesday afternoon.In a Twitter update around 4:40 p.m., police reported a car crash in the area of  near the community of Keswick.Woodbine has been closed from Morton to Church Street as a result. Police said to expect delays in the area.Emergency services are on scene to assist.
It was never really about a poppy. No, Don Cherry’s tirade a year ago was directed toward ethnic minorities, otherwise known as “you people.” And whether we wore a poppy across our hearts or not, in Cherry’s mind, we would never be good enough to be considered authentic Canadians.When I first heard the last infamous Cherry rant, I was a CBC reporter in Winnipeg, the same network that aired the weekly segment of the now former hockey broadcaster best known for his outlandish suits and hardcore hockey takes. This time, he decided to opine on how immigrants living in big cities don’t pay respect to veterans by wearing a poppy leading up to Remembrance Day. Honestly, I was not necessarily surprised to see such brazen .For the record, I grew up on hockey. It was the sport that I loved and ultimately, as my friends love to remind me, the sport I wanted to cover as a journalist. I used to show up every morning at school and talk about the games from the night before. Those days are long gone, but not by choice. Hockey made me feel like I never belonged and that I would always remain an outsider. Even now, some of my friends, all of whom are people of colour and very capable of analyzing the game, talk about how uncomfortable they feel inside a hockey rink.As I watched the “you people” rant last year, I saw Cherry use his entire segment to eschew the decisions of the diverse people of Mississauga and Toronto, and publicly deride them with unsubstantiated claims of not wearing a poppy. I felt a pit in my stomach when I heard him go after people like my sister-in-law, a newcomer from Pakistan who had been in Canada less than nine months and was experiencing her first Remembrance Day.“You people … that come here, whatever, you love our way of life, you love our milk and honey … at least you can pay a couple bucks for a poppy or something like that,” Cherry said on Coach’s Corner, his long-time “Hockey Night in Canada” segment. “These guys paid for your way of life that you enjoy in Canada.” My sister-in-law didn’t have the faintest idea of why Canadians wore poppies, but was open to learning and understanding. Instead she was belittled on national television. And for the record, she wore a poppy while at work every day during the month of November.This  Cherry had used his platform as a hockey commentator to belittle others, but it was definitely the one that broke the camel’s back. At the time, I remember feeling both enraged at Cherry’s actions, but also sorry for him that he did not and seemingly may never identify with minorities in this country. This was not the first time I’d heard the “you people” euphemism, which is often used in a denigrating manner toward minorities, but it was the most significant.For decades, our parents had been taking racism on the chin to be able to provide us with opportunities to succeed and create a life in Canada, but when BIPOC people did speak out about Cherry’s comments, it showed they were no longer timid when it came to talking about racial injustices and inequalities. They feel a responsibility to protect their racial identity during a time in Canada where hate speech and racially motivated attacks have become more common.After Sportsnet cut ties with Cherry on Remembrance Day a year ago, it was clear that Rogers would need to feature some more diverse and progressive voices. Part of the panel that would eventually replace Cherry’s Saturday night airtime included former Maple Leafs general manager Brian Burke, who has been one of the most progressive voices in hockey for a long time. Burke is on the board of the , co-founded by his son Patrick, which works to ensure the safety and inclusion for all who participate in sports, including LGBTQ+ athletes, coaches and fans. He’s also spoken in favour of the social justice movement that erupted following the police killing of George Floyd.“People realize that systemic racial injustice has to stop, it’s an evil that has to stop. The climate has changed … athletes have loud, big voices and they can use them effectively,” the Harvard-educated Burke . Alongside Burke is a trio of former NHLers who provide a breath of fresh air on the network. Anthony Stewart, a Black Canadian, has been able to provide much-needed context to how it feels to play a sport that isn’t diverse and can be uninviting at times. Kevin Bieksa’s lightheartedness and ability to have fun on the screen has been a welcome change. Kelly Hrudey played a big part in putting Harnarayan Singh, of “Hockey Night in Canada Punjabi,” on the network’s radar and has been supportive of the Punjabi iteration of the show for years. More recently, Hrudey , which  for being slow to take a stand for social justice following the police shooting of Jacob Blake, in Kenosha, Wis., which led to .Every time athletes, especially BIPOC athletes, speak about race, you can often hear the groans in some people’s voices, wishing they’d just “ — or something of that ilk. But when racist assertions are being extolled, the same groans go quiet.Instead of opting to talk about the symbolism and why wearing a poppy matters to him, Cherry used his airtime to attack immigrants and those who look and act differently than him. At no point did the former broadcaster try to understand the challenges of trying to learn a new country, or coherently explain why this matters so deeply to him; rather, it was an unfettered attack on people with little opportunity to speak back.Ironically, one year after his firing, it is Cherry’s voice that is inconsequential within hockey, and the people who’ve been tapped to fill his shoes are making the game a more accepting place and helping hockey become more enjoyable for once-disenfranchised fans like myself.All the while, I’m still enjoying milk and honey in my tea.
The NHL is considering a temporary realignment that might see an all-Canadian division as it assesses how a 2021 season might look amid the continuing coronavirus pandemic, according to NHL commissioner Gary Bettman.“Obviously, we’re not going to move all seven Canadian franchises south of the 49th Parallel, and so we have to look at alternative ways to play,” Bettman said Tuesday in a virtual panel discussion during the 2020 Paley International Council Summit.“And while crossing the U.S.-Canadian border is an issue, we’re also seeing within the United States limitations in terms of quarantining when you go from certain states to other states. It’s again part of having to be flexible.“As it relates to the travel issue, which is obviously the great unknown, we may have to temporarily realign to deal with geography, and that may make sense, because having some of our teams travel from Florida to California may not make sense.”The Canadian border remains closed to non-essential services but crossing provincial borders is allowed. That could mean a steady diet of the Maple Leafs versus their Canadian rivals on TV: the Canadiens, Senators, Jets, Flames, Oilers and Canucks.The NHL is also considering short-term hubs and a reduced schedule, Bettman told the summit in a story posted on NHL.com. And he said he hopes to have the NHL schedule settled “soon.”The NHL has set early January as a starting point, but is considering a later start and a shortened season. Ideally, the Stanley Cup would be awarded by mid-July, before the Olympics. American broadcaster NBC holds the rights to both. If the Cup is awarded sooner, there’s a better chance of a return to a regular October start to the 2021-22 season.At this point, it’s all just ideas. Changes require buy-in from the NHL Players’ Association as well as the league’s board of governors. The NHL and NHLPA are in regular communication, but so far the NHLPA’s return-to-play panel of 10 players has not met.The players won’t consider long-term hubs like the ones in Toronto and Edmonton that led to a COVID-free conclusion to the 2019-20 season. A total of 33,394 COVID-19 tests were administered with zero positive results over the 65 days of the extended playoffs. Players were happy to finish the season, but complained it was too long to be isolated from family.Short-term hubs are seen as a possible solution, with teams setting up in one location for a week or two.“You’ll play for 10 to 12 days,” Bettman said. “You’ll play a bunch of games without travelling. You’ll go back, go home for a week, be with your family. We’ll have our testing protocols and all the other things you need.“It’s not going to be quite as effective as a bubble, but we think we can, if we go this route, minimize the risks to the extent practical and sensible. And so that’s one of the things that we’re talking about.”Obviously, Toronto and Edmonton might work as hubs again. In the United States, cities like Buffalo and Columbus have practice rinks and hotels attached to their main rinks. Other locations such as Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Tampa, Glendale, Ariz., and Dallas are also well suited to act as hubs. One attraction for the players would be the warmer weather in southern locations.It’s likely the NHL season will start with no fans in most locations, and maybe some fans in some locations, with crowds hopefully building as the pandemic subsides.In other words, how the season finishes may not look like how the season starts.“And while we’re in the middle of working on our return to play as well, which I hope to have put to bed soon, our goal is to get back to a normal schedule starting (next) fall and being done before July on a longer-term basis,” Bettman said.
At the beginning of shutdowns during this pandemic, Ontario Premier Doug Ford kept mentioning Toronto, Ottawa and Peel, two cities and a whole region. Why single out two cities and an entire region? More recently, York region was added to his list of targeted COVID-19 communities. Perhaps the numbers in Toronto were getting too high and it was decided York region should be its own area of hell? Does anyone know what is prompting Doug Ford to make arbitrary decisions?Regardless, the Region of Peel still remains its own entity. Strange this, as even Peel’s officer of health admits that the hot spot is Brampton. Big parties, large gatherings, multiple-day weddings, yet, Ford does not mention Brampton at all. Patrick Brown is the mayor of Brampton. Is there anything in this that bears any relevance to the premier’s decision to keep all of Peel region in his sights?If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it isn’t a turkey, although it’s still foul.
In times of national crisis shouldn’t we all pull together?Canada is a beacon of light and hope throughout the world. For as long as we have been a country we have developed and protected our democracy, while we have welcomed and worked to embrace diversity. We are a young country, still in the adolescent stage of our development as a nation, and although we have done a lot of things right, we are far from wise. The typical arrogance and rebelliousness that characterizes adolescence has become alarmingly apparent in the behaviour we have been experiencing throughout the COVID-19 crisis in Canada, and The Trump Meltdown in our formerly strongest ally.From the perspective of someone who has been immersed in the political process for half a century, I think that our governmental agencies, on all three levels, have been doing a phenomenal job of managing these crises, and protecting the Canadian people. When we work together, we do well. However, the political games being played by our federal parliamentarians at this vulnerable time are not only destructive, but also ludicrous in their idiocy. This is NOT the time for power plays. This is not the time for manipulation and back door dealings. It’s not the time to undermine the people’s faith in our government. It’s the time for the adults we have elected to represent us to all pull together until we get to safer waters. That’s the true essence of a democratic system of governance.
WHITEHORSE - The Yukon government says it does not support a permit for an oil drilling exploration project in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska, although experts fear the United States administration will push ahead with the plan. Yukon Environment Minister Pauline Frost said exploration would impact calving and summer habitats for the Porcupine caribou herd and affect the First Nations that rely on the animals for food and cultural practices. Her statements follow an environmental impact assessment process for the refuge that included an opportunity to submit comments.The territory voiced its concerns about the permit and urged the U.S. government to live up to its international commitments to protect the Porcupine caribou, Frost said. Her federal counterpart, Environment Minister Jonathan Wilkinson, said in a statement that in partnership with Indigenous and territorial governments, Canada has noted “significant” concerns over development plans in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. “I will continue to work with federal officials and our domestic partners to raise our concerns and engage with the United States’ review process,” he said.Chief Dana Tizya-Tramm of the Vuntut Gwich’in First Nation in northern Yukon welcomed the statement.“The Yukon government’s coming out to make public statements and support this is something that very much goes to elevate this issue,” he said in an interview Tuesday. But there are also fears that U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration will go ahead with the project he said threatens the caribou.“After being in this area for almost a million years, and helping our people survive an Ice Age, one of the greatest threats happens to have been the Trump administration.” First Nations and environmentalists in Canada have joined a U.S. lawsuit filed in August aimed at overturning a decision that opened the Alaska wilderness to oil and gas exploration. Malkolm Boothroyd of the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society, which has signed onto the lawsuit, echoed Tizya-Tramm. “The approach that we’ve seen from the current (U.S.) administration has been to push ahead with reckless plans to develop the Arctic refuge in spite of the importance of the refuge for caribou for Gwich’in communities,” he said.“So, we won’t be surprised if they continue that pattern of pushing development in the Arctic refuge, but we’re ready for it. And at the end of the day, we hope that common sense will prevail.”The U.S. Government is “racing against the clock” with a proposal to conduct seismic testing in the refuge, which would begin on Dec. 31, he said.Boothroyd said he’s concerned seismic crews could work through the end of May, when caribou are calving, and it could disturb the herd.The nearly 200,000 Porcupine caribou take part in the longest land migration on Earth, traversing over 4,000 kilometres in the Northwest Territories, Yukon and Alaska to give birth on the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge every year, according to the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society website.The region is protected from predators and insects and offers a rich diet of grasses and sedges.The oil and gas industry has long been looking to access the area even though it’s the last five per cent of the Alaska coast that has remained closed to exploration. Tizya-Tramm said his First Nation is setting up meetings with Congress and senators in Washington, D.C., and beyond to ensure the refuge remains free of development.“Underneath this land is more than just possible oil and gas,” he said. “This literally represents the future well-being of not just the caribou but our nation, and these lands represent the heart in its fragility, but also its strength.”— By Hina Alam in Vancouver. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 10, 2020.
With permanent residence visas in hand, they sold their houses, quit their jobs and even shipped some of their belongings to their new homes in Canada.Then  hit, closing international borders and leaving them high and dry — without a home, job or path to restoring their stalled immigration dreams.While the federal government is striving to restart an immigration system halted by the coronavirus pandemic and to make up for its 2020 shortfall, tens of thousands of would-be newcomers who have the visas to settle here permanently are being kept outside Canada. Some of their visas have now expired.It’s a situation that has left many hurt, frustrated and worried for their future.Belarussian Fatima Camara and her husband quit their jobs, sold their home and pulled their five kids out of school after they got their confirmation of permanent residence and visas stamped on their passports in late March.They found a realtor and rented a place where they could quarantine for a month in Dieppe, N.B. They sent their bikes, shoes and clothes in aniticipation of the life-changing move from Minsk.Today, they have no idea where those shipments went, because they weren’t there to pick them up.“We stay in Belarus without a home, jobs and are absolutely hopeless,” said the French and English teacher and part-time massage therapist, whose family’s permanent residence visa is expiring in December. “Our immigration plan and our lives are ruined.”Since mid-March, Ottawa has imposed strict travel restrictions against foreign nationals, including holders of permanent resident visas who have yet to be admitted into the country. It had planned to welcome 340,000 newcomers this year, a target that’s expected to fall short by 40 per cent.Currently, Canada only allows entry to those who have a permanent resident visa issued before March 18 to settle here permanently. A border officer will still ask questions about their reasons for coming now and ensure self-isolation rules are being respected.Those with their visas stamped after that date, such as Camara, need to apply for an authorization to travel before they can board a flight, unless they are living in and coming from the United States.Would-be immigrants with expired visas are asked not to contact the immigration department until they are ready to travel. Only in July, did officials introduce a webform for expired visa-holders to apply for an authorization letter and be assessed by a list of criteria, including whether they have compelling reason to travel to Canada now.According to an immigration department spokesperson, 15,786 applicants who received their visas before March 19 have had their documents expire as of the end of October. About 2,700 principal applicants filled out the webform and more than 120 received authorization.Prashant Gupta of India received his visa in January and had booked a flight for March 18 before postponing the trip. Since then, he twice tried unsuccessfully to board a flight in May to get here before his visa expired in June, despite Ottawa’s policy to exempt those who got their visa before that date. (Both Canada-bound flights were repatriation flights, restricted to Canadian citizens and already landed permanent residents.)After months of waiting, the chartered accountant from Kolkata was thrilled to get an authorization letter from the Canadian government on Nov. 6. But he was again refused boarding, this time because Air India would not recognize the expired visa, despite the authorization document.“I was offloaded at the last moment and not allowed to enter the aircraft. I have asked the Canadian embassy for help, but have yet to receive a response. There was another girl who suffered the same fate,” noted Gupta, who had a job offer in Toronto for a position in financial acquisition that’s no longer valid since he couldn’t make it to Canada.“This has really broken me. The economy is bad. I can’t go back to my previous job. I have no income. My life has just stopped and stalled.”Registered nurse Katie Hilton, who had previoulsy worked in British Columbia for two years, said she and her husband, Rich, a broadcast journalist, invested three years of their life and more than $10,000 in the immigration process.They went through and paid for the required English language test, medicals, police clearance, education credential assessement and her licensing registration before she, as the principal applicant, was selected by the Alberta government in 2019 through a provincial immigration stream based on her skills.Hilton already has a job lined up as part of a new COVID-19 service for the Indigenous community just north of Cochrane, but she needs to arrive and complete her quarantine before the end of November.“While I completely understand the borders being closed to the vast majority of people at the moment, I can’t understand why those in essential roles aren’t being fast-tracked, especially over the autumn and winter period, when we know there will be a surge in COVID cases,” said Hilton, who received her visa in late October.She became even more frustrated this week when she was issued the authorization letter, but told her 10-year-old son, Benjamin, does not meet the exemption requirement.“I’m honestly speechless at how ridiculous these rules are. What kind of government separates a mother and child?” asked Hilton.“I’m now having to choose between either using the exemption letter but leaving my child in the U.K, having to rely on my elderly parents to help with child care and potentially exposing them to the virus for which I’d never forgive myself ... or stay in the U.K. to be with my child and lose my job.”Fadi Ghaoui, who quit his job in cyber security in Saudi Arabia and moved back to Lebanon in April for the move to Canada, said many would-be newcomers have had their lives put on hold and it has taken a heavy financial toll on them. After they quit their jobs, they must now dip into the settlement fund they’d set aside.“I have used 30 per cent of my savings intended for our new life in Canada just to survive in Lebanon,” said Ghaoui, who received his family’s permanent resident visas on Jan. 7 and had booked their flight for May, two weeks before the visas expired on June 6. They couldn’t leave because his country was in lockdown.At the end of June, he got an email from the Canadian visa post in London that his permanent residence application was under review to see if anything would need to be updated, such as a new medical clearance before another visa would be issued.His family was among the survivors of the Aug. 4 explosion that levelled the Beirut port, killing more than 200 people and injuring 6,500. They were three kilometres away, witnessing the flattening of the site when it happened.Despite the Canadian government’s special program to speed up immigration applications for blast victims in the area, the family has yet to hear an update to their application.“I do not have a house anymore. I do not have a job anymore. There is no security in my country. The economic situation is bad. We feel so insecure. I fear for our future,” said Ghaoui, who, along with his wife and daughter, is staying with his parents.“We are barely surviving here. We are stuck. Should we rent a house? Should we unpack all our bags again? Leave for the Gulf? Or just wait for Canada immigration’s response? Being in limbo is the worst.”
By the time Kevin Cash pulled Tampa Bay ace Blake Snell from the last game of the World Series, he had already been voted Manager of the Year in the American League.Even if he ended up losing the biggest prize.It was a Sunshine State sweep for skippers Tuesday night, with Miami’s Don Mattingly winning NL Manager of the Year and Cash receiving the AL award.Long regarded as one of baseball’s brightest young minds, Cash guided the thrifty Rays to an AL-best 40-20 record during the pandemic-shortened season. But he was roundly criticized for pulling a dominant Snell in the sixth inning of the decisive Game 6 of the Fall Classic against the champion Los Angeles Dodgers.“Have I reflected on it? There’s not a day that goes by that I don’t reflect on it,” Cash said. “Being in this position we owe it to ourselves and more importantly our players to continue to reflect on those decisions.”After Snell exited, the Dodgers rallied against Nick Anderson and went on to a 3-1 victory. Cash said he has had multiple conversations with many people within the game since the loss and has received a lot of positive support.“Yes, I would do it the same way all over again. I would plead for a different outcome, that’s for sure,” Cash said with a chuckle.“That decision was not reflective of my confidence in Blake. It was very reflective of my confidence in Nick, and that’s (what) I felt was, at the moment, the best chance for us to win the game.”Voting by the Baseball Writers’ Association of America concluded before the beginning of the playoffs. Rick Renteria, let go by the Chicago White Sox after the team made the post-season for the first time since 2008, finished second in the AL, followed by Toronto’s Charlie Montoyo.Mattingly led the Marlins to their first playoff appearance since 2003 despite dealing with a COVID-19 outbreak that paused their season and ravaged the roster.The Marlins’ 31-29 record was Mattingly’s first winning season in his fifth year with the club. The former New York Yankees first baseman and captain had a winning record in each of his five seasons as manager of the Dodgers.Mattingly, the first Manager of the Year for the Marlins since Joe Girardi in 2006, was the AL MVP in 1985. He became the fifth person to win both MVP and Manager of the Year.“They’re just different. The first one feels personal and this one feels more like a team thing,” Mattingly said, “and that’s why I’m proud of it because we’ve struggled for a couple years and for us to move forward is important, and I think this is a sign that we’re heading in that direction.”San Diego’s Jayce Tingler finished second behind Mattingly in balloting by the BBWAA, followed by David Ross of the Chicago Cubs.The Cy Young Awards will be announced by the BBWAA on Wednesday night, followed by the MVPs on Thursday.After losing 105 games a year ago, Miami had its 2020 season nearly derailed by a coronavirus outbreak during the first weekend of play. The team had to make 174 roster moves but still managed the franchise’s first winning record since 2009.The steady hand of the 59-year-old Mattingly played a big role in the turnaround, which continued in the playoffs. Miami eliminated the NL Central champion Cubs in the first round before getting swept by the Atlanta Braves in the Division Series.“Over 100 losses, that’s the tough part,” Mattingly said. “It just feels good that we’re moving in the right direction.”Cash, who turns 43 on Dec. 6, hit .183 with 12 homers and 58 RBIs in 246 major league games as a catcher for five teams, including Tampa Bay. After his playing career ended, he worked as an advance scout for Texas and Toronto before joining manager Terry Francona’s staff in Cleveland as the bullpen coach.The Tampa, Florida, native and Florida State alum was hired as Tampa Bay manager the day before his 37th birthday. He finished third in balloting for AL Manager of the Year in each of the past two seasons. He is the franchise’s first winner of the award since Joe Maddon in 2011.“There is a sense of pride being a Tampa guy,” said Cash, who is 454-416 in six years as manager of the Rays.Tampa Bay had a $29 million prorated payroll as of Aug. 1, which ranked 28th out of 30 teams. Still, the Rays won the AL East for the first time since 2010.The Rays leaned heavily on their bullpen throughout the truncated season, with 12 pitchers recording at least one save — matching the major league record. So the move to get Snell was in line with what made the Rays so successful all year.“Yes, we did that multiple times throughout the year. Does that mean that it has to be done in Game 6? No, it doesn’t,” Cash said. “I think there’s many things that go into those decisions.”___More AP MLB:  and  
This is so discouraging. Why is it that whenever I read about growth plans by the current government, it is fraught with short-sightedness?When will Premier Doug Ford realize that the ecosystem is the foundation of our health?Please, open your eyes to the critical long-term damage you are proposing.
You know, there’s a little secret about .Years ago, a friend told it to me: All you do is stick a little bit of Scotch tape around the end of the pin. That way it won’t fall out of your lapel.I can remember walking around my hometown of Kingston as a youngster – you know it’s Canada’s first capital, right? – and the poppies would bloom on everyone’s coat or jacket.Being in the United States for a while – 1954 until 1980 – I didn’t wear one. That tradition is not celebrated south of the border. That’s probably how those people at Whole Foods got in trouble. (Initially the U.S.-based chain ruled last week that poppies weren’t allowed under its employee uniform policy, then lifted the ban later in the day after protests that went right up to the prime minister). Guess the bosses just didn’t know how revered Nov. 11 is here in Canada.As a hockey player and then a coach for so much of my life, I was seldom in Canada on Nov. 11. But when I came back from coaching the Colorado Rockies after the 1980 season, I decided to wear one every year, usually starting about the week before.I’ve always had a strong respect and admiration for our soldiers, the people who fought to keep out country free.Do you remember that TV show  It was a documentary series looking at a prominent Canadian and tracing that person’s family tree.Around 2007, the show flew us to France where I visited the grave of my uncle Thomas William MacKenzie near Boulogne-Sur-Mer. About nine headstones into the row, we found him. I kept looking at the date he was killed – Nov. 7, 1918. Just four days before the end of the First World War, the day we now all remember.No one had visited his grave in 100 years. My uncle had served in the army’s Canadian Field Artillery and was buried in the Terlincthun British Cemetery. His mother and father, Matilda and Thomas MacKenzie, were from Kingston, too.I remember looking around at row after row after row of all those young Canadians who fought for Canada. I kept looking at the ages: 22, 25, 23 ... on and on. I think my uncle was 26.Just last week I sent his cufflinks, his watch and military bar and medal to the Royal Canadian Artillery Museum, our national museum, in Shilo, Man. I phoned the number and had a great conversation with a man named Andrew. I’d had them for a long time – but let’s face it, I have a lot more days behind me than ahead of me.After visiting my uncle’s grave, we went to Vimy Ridge. The Battle of Vimy was in April of 1917. I’ve read where historians called it Canada’s most celebrated military victory. My grandfather on my mother’s side, Richard Palamountain, served there. My family were all immigrants from Ireland.At Vimy there are white headstones – you’ve probably seen the pictures. Again, row after row. Seeing stuff like that really shook me up. It was on that trip I truly realized how much these young men had given. After that, any chance I had, I tried to emphasize the importance of these men and women who served our country so bravely.I think of all those people in the cemeteries, those who fought for us and our freedom. They were not conscripted, they volunteered. Both my grandfather and uncle volunteered. In 2008, the Chief of the Defence Staff, on behalf of the Canadian Armed Forces, gave me the Canadian Forces Medallion for Distinguished Service, for “unwavering support to men and women of the Canadian Forces.” When I think about it, to me it is more important than winning the Jack Adams Trophy (NHL Coach of the Year).I keep that medallion in a very special spot, right next to an award the Mounties gave me.All I tried to do on Coach’s Corner was to point out to Canadians that we should honour our fallen who gave the supreme sacrifice.Yesterday, I had a chap who came over for a visit, with his wife and three kids.They were all wearing poppies.
The Beach. It’sknown to many for its closeness, where residents band together to support each other and advocate for local infrastructure improvements. Where visitors flock over the summer months as they explore the city. The east end Toronto residential neighbourhood that sits on Lake Ontario spans from Coxwell Avenue East to Victoria Park Avenue. There are lots of small businesses — bars, restaurants, specialty shops. Many are owned and operated by people whose families have lived in the area for many years.But unlike pre-pandemic times, foot traffic in the area is light these days. It’s easy to find parking spots along Queen Street East, something near impossible in the past. Shop operators are spending hours sitting behind the counters and gazing at the doors, waiting for an occasional customer. It’s not completely quiet in the area, but it’s not as bustling as it used to be.The Star recently toured the neighbourhood and spoke with business owners and managers about how  has impacted their businesses. Three years ago when Miranda and Nick Loschiavo’slongtime dreamfinally came to fruition, they chose a location on Queen Street East near Kew Gardens purposely because “this neighbourhood feels like a family to us.” And it’s precisely that community closeness that has allowed this delicatessen and fine foods shop to thrive even during the difficult months of the ongoing pandemic.“We have actually accelerated our sales compared to last year,” Miranda said, noting the sales at the deli have gone up by about 50 per cent.“We are local, so I think we are getting a lot of support from the Beach neighbourhood, and also we offer very good food. People prefer to go to smaller stores because of the pandemic, as opposed to large stores and waiting in lines.”During the pandemic, Casa Mia has been offering curbside pickup and catering services to its customers in an effort to maximize its reach — even during the lockdown months, orders kept flowing in.“It made us a lot busier. I guess people were at home and didn’t want to cook all the time, so they could come and get prepared meals from us,” Loschiavo said.For more than 40 years, Kyle Burden’s family has owned and operated the small shop that sells a variety of footwear — dress shoes, winter boots, sandals and slippers. The sales have provided a steady source of income over the years, but it’s been difficult during the pandemic months.“We completely shut down during those lockdown months. There was absolutely no online sales or anything,” Burden said, adding he had to rely on his pension money and credit cards for his family’s survival.Even once the lockdown was over, it was a “very nervous” reopening process. The space is already small and physical distancing measures made operations difficult. He tried offering curbside pickup services but it was “pretty (much) a waste of time” as customers couldn’t try shoes on before purchasing.Things started to slowly pick up over the summer, but Burden is fearful of another lockdown that could close retail stores like his as COVID-19 cases in Toronto continue to rise.For 30 years Tex Thomas has relied on live sporting events to sell sports collectibles to enthusiasts across Toronto. Nothing, he says, has hit his business as hard as the pandemic.“We’ve gone through recession, we’ve gone through entire NHL lockout, baseball strikes, but at least every time we had some other type of sports going on. But, without any sports going on right now, it’s pretty tough,” Thomas said.He estimates his business has gone down by at least 60 per cent since the pandemic struck. There was a little bit of pickup for Toronto Raptors paraphernalia recently as many fans hoped for a good run toward a repeat championship, but it was not anything like the demand when they were playing games at Scotiabank Arena.“You’re not going to buy a jersey or a hat to dress up at home and watch a game on TV. There are no gatherings in neighbourhoods,” he said. “Business is so bleak right now. You might sell an item here and there, but it’s really hurting.”The Sweet Oven butter tarts shop near Queen Street East and Woodbine Avenue opened about 18 months ago, as an extension of the long-running family business in Barrie. Before the pandemic, people in the Beach and those who visit the area came in droves for the sweet delicacies on a regular basis. Now, business has slowed significantly.“I’d say we lost about 50 per cent of our sales compared to before. The pandemic definitely took a toll on us,” manager Kyle Whitlow said.Summer months are usually when businesses in the Beach get a lot of tourists, but amid the pandemic not as many people have been coming. With many restaurants and other nearby businesses facing closures, business for butter tarts has also taken a hit, he said.“We’re still very fortunate to be open albeit with reduced hours, but we’ve had to lay off some staff members unfortunately,” Whitlow said.Jenny Kim and her husband have owned and operated their flower shop in the Beach for the past 10 years and, for the first time, they’re trying to offer delivery services and curbside pickup through online orders.The store sees customers coming in a lot less these days. “It affects us so much,” Kim said. “It’s a lot of work to keep the flowers healthy and when we don’t sell them we lose money.”The biggest drawback for their business over the past eight months has been the cancellation of big community events, weddings and funerals — even though some of these are still happening, the number of people attending them is much smaller, and that means less clients for flowers, she said.“We are trying to survive,” she added. “We are lucky because as a flower shop we don’t have a lot of competition in business.”The grey Surf Beni trailer is a common sight in the Beach area during the summer. Benet Avery and her mother started the business about two years ago, and preferred selling from the trailer over having an actual shop because it’s more convenient and less expensive for a small business.Most of their stuff is handmade — from pillows and posters for your home to bracelets and other jewelry, all baring various words of poetry and inspirational messages.The trailer has survived the struggles of the pandemic, but business has suffered, Avery said.“A lot of people are not comfortable leaving their houses these days, and even when they do, it’s such a small space in the trailer so people are nervous to come in like before,” she said. She opened an online platform where customers can order to either come pick up their purchase wherever she is parked or she can deliver to their homes, but it’s still very slow.“The other thing is that people aren’t going out to restaurants and cafes, and that’s how we used to get most of our buyers.”For the past 40 years, the Mara shop has been the primary destination for anyone in or near the Beach looking for dancewear for young children. Mara Sommerville says she started the shop after she’d had trouble finding appropriate dance dresses and shoes for her own daughters. The business has done well over the years, but surviving through the COVID-19 pandemic has been especially challenging.“Many dance studios all over the city were shut down for so long, so we weren’t selling anything,” she said. She got some online orders and offered deliveries during the lockdown, but they were few and far between.Her business survival during the pandemic months has depended more on government help than from actual sales, she said.“It’s a very scary time for small business owners, with safety restrictions,” she said. “I think restaurants are having a hell of a time right now. I just hope we can survive, as long as landlords don’t go nuts with rent increases.”
You make a good case for why “we’re all in this together.”Sadly, seniors who were the majority of COVID-19 victims early in its rage through nursing and long-term-care homes, were kept isolated from caring family like yourself during strict lockdowns.The concern you show for your parents and relatives is a natural part of the cycle of life: Caring about and advising the older generation are lessons you’re also teaching your children, albeit urgent ones during a pandemic.Hopefully, they’ll be as concerned about your well-being in the future.Maintain concern without being overbearing. It’s too hard on both sides.If your senior relatives don’t have serious health risks, are mobile and energetic, they have similar needs and desires as you have for maintaining some “normalcy.” Encourage their positive outlook and whatever socializing among their “safe” circle, within the procedures advised — masks, handwashing, social distancing and meeting outdoors.They’re lucky to have you caring about them. It’s a challenge yet shouldn’t be.Even a few facts from the World Health Organization (February 2020) about “smoking cessation”: Within 2-12 weeks, your circulation improves, and your lung function increases. In 1-9 months, coughing and shortness of breath decrease. Within 1 year, risk of coronary heart disease is about half that of a smoker’s... huge health benefits during the risks of a respiratory virus that’s primarily a lung disease.Yet your wife’s unlikely to quit to reassure you.Tell her anyway, that quitting decreases the excess risk of many diseases related to second-hand smoke in children, such as respiratory diseases (e.g. asthma) and ear infections.Then, back off. She has to come to the decision herself.Various smoking cessation approaches do work, especially when the smoker seeks them on her/his own. Approaches range from laser clinics, to hypnosis, to Cognitive Behaviour Quitting (CBQ) to Allen Carr’s Easy Way to Stop Smoking. (The late author also wrote about giving up alcohol addiction).Adult children’s watch on their senior-generation’s pandemic response, should feel natural and respectful.
The pandemic and its repercussions, from deaths and serious illnesses, to lockdowns and closings that have caused severe financial hardship, has us all preoccupied with surviving these perilous times. Rightly so.But I hope we have it in us today to devote a couple of minutes to remembering about 118,000 Canadians who have been killed in Canada’s wars and on peacekeeping missions.It serves no purpose to compare hardships today with the hardships of our yesterdays. There is no competition among people who suffer. All I would say is that living through COVID-19 should give us greater appreciation for the long years of sacrifice endured by the Canadians we are sworn to remember today.We have been asked to stay away from gatherings at war memorials this morning. There is nothing wrong with watching a ceremony on television. I would urge you though, to get to a war memorial on another day, when there is never a crowd. We have so many memorials in this country, often in a prominent place in a city or town. We walk past them without a glance, yet they tell a remarkable story.Most were built after the First World War, erected by local efforts to commemorate appalling losses in what everyone thought would surely be the war to end all wars. That’s why our first Remembrance Day (originally called Armistice Day) came a year after the war’s end in 1919. That’s why so many of our war memorials show a soldier or soldiers in First World War uniform. That’s why so many recall battles from that war — Vimy, Passchendael, Ypres, the Somme. Even our National War Memorial on Confederation Square in Ottawa, was designed to mark the First World War. It is no small irony that it was dedicated just 103 days before Nazi soldiers swept into Poland to start the Second World War.Standing at a war memorial in Canada is a sobering experience. You can literally see how the country thought it would never fight another war. Surely, the terrible losses of the Great War would force everyone find a better way to settle differences, even serious differences. That’s why there’s usually so much about 1914-1918, and then hurried acknowledgment of what followed, often no more than the addition of more dates — 1939-1945, 1950-1953, 2000-2014. It’s worth thinking about that not just on Nov. 11, but whenever you pass by a memorial. There’s a raging fight these days about many Canadian tributes to historic figures. I don’t want to engage in the specifics of any of those controversies this morning. Except to say that the Canadians we remember today were not perfect. They had to include racists, bullies, bigots, drunks, lawbreakers. That’s not why we’re remembering them. Whatever sins they committed in life do not define them. They are defined instead by their deaths, a terrible price to pay in service of their country. Even as we cope with our 2020 pandemic troubles, they have earned the right to be remembered.
Aid group Doctors Without Borders is recruiting emergency help for French nursing homes, where more people with the coronavirus have died so far in November than reported in the previous five months combined, as a season of resurgent infections has caught up with France's most vulnerable populations.The group, founded in Paris in 1971 and renowned for its work in impoverished or conflict-torn countries, issued an appeal this week for medics, psychologists and other volunteers to work in Paris region nursing homes. Known by its French acronym MSF, Doctors Without Borders also deployed emergency help in Europe earlier this year when the virus first hit.MSF co-ordinator Olivia Gayraud said Wednesday on France-Info radio that the nursing home recruitment is focused on relieving over-stretched staff and isolated residents, noting that the group has “expertise in crisis management” and experience helping “populations whose lives and health are threatened.”Nursing homes are allowed to stay open under France’s current partial lockdown, unlike in the spring. But some facilities are again barring visitors and keeping residents in their rooms to protect the elderly as the virus claims more lives. The Correctional Service of Canada says five inmates have tested positive for COVID-19 in Quebec, Manitoba and Alberta.It says contract tracing is underway and testing is being offered at the three institutions affected.The five inmates — two in Drummondville, Que., one in Stony Mountain, Man., and two at the Edmonton Institution for Women — are medically isolated and being monitored.None of the federal facilities is currently allowing visitors.As case counts spike across the country, the correctional service says it continues to screen employees and equip correctional officers and inmates with medical masks, on top of heightened cleaning measures.The federal justice and correctional systems have taken several steps to reduce the number of people in custody to lower the risk of transmission, including early release of low-risk offenders, extended parole and alternatives for those awaiting trial or sentencing.More than 200 doctors in Saskatchewan have signed a letter calling on Premier Scott Moe to take action to stop the rise in COVID-19 infections.They cite the steady increase in cases and hospitalizations over the past month and say the safety of people and the health-care system is at risk.Health officials reported 127 new infections in Saskatchewan on Tuesday, the fifth time in the past week that number has been more than 100.The province says 44 people are in hospital, and 11 are receiving intensive care. Ontario is reporting an additional 198 new cases in public schools across the province, bringing the total in the last two weeks to 1,033 and 3,063 overall since school began., the province reported 116 more students were infected for a total of 616 in the last two weeks; since school began there have been an overall total of 1,743.The data shows there are 21 more staff members infected for a total of 104 in the last two weeks — and an overall total of 383.The latest report also shows 61 more infected individuals who weren’t identified for a total of 313 in that category in the last two weeks — and an overall total of 937.There are 654 schools with a reported case, which the province notes is 13.55 per cent of the 4,828 public schools in Ontario.Two schools are closed because of an outbreak, one less than the day before.That’s because Elder’s Mills Public School, a French-immersion elementary school in Woodbridge, which of COVID-19, was to reopen today.There is a lag between the daily provincial data at 10:30 a.m. and news reports about infections in schools. The provincial data on Wednesday is current as of 2 p.m. Tuesday. It doesn’t indicate where the place of transmission occurred.The Toronto District School Board updates its information on current COVID-19 cases throughout the day . As of 8:45 a.m. on Wednesday, there were 208 TDSB schools with at least one active case — 299 students and 73 staff.The Toronto Catholic District School Board also updates its information . As of Wednesday at 9:45 a.m., there were 120 schools with at least one confirmed case — 105 students and 13 staff. Ontario is reporting a daily record high of 1,426 new COVID-19 cases, and 15 more deaths.The seven-day average has hit a new high of 1,217 cases a day or 59 cases weekly per 100,000, the Star’s Ed Tubb reports. The seven-day average number of deaths is 13.3/day. Locally, there are 468 new cases in Peel, 384 in Toronto, 180 in York Region, 63 in Durham and 62 in Hamilton, Health Minister Christine Elliott tweeted.There are 886 more resolved cases and more than 36,700 tests were completed Tuesday.The province is also reporting 5.1 per cent positivity. COVID-19 has brought the closure of yet another restaurant — this time, it’s the California-cuisine hotspot on Adelaide Street West that has drawn celebrities during the Toronto International Film Festival for the past six years., the 12,000 square-foot restaurant co-owned by director Ivan Reitman, announced on its website that it will be closing its doors. However, the Montecito Bottle Shop will remain open for pickup or delivery.Previously, partner Tom Bitove spoke of the during the pandemic. “We’re not a takeout restaurant but we had to adapt,” Bitove told the Star in March. “We tried to focus on product that will travel well and hold temperatures, so we have a dramatically limited menu, about six or seven items down from 40.” India’s capital has recorded a new peak of 7,830 new coronavirus cases in the past 24 hours as festivals and weddings attended by large crowds fuel a resurgence. Authorities targeted testing in shopping areas, workplaces and religious places with New Delhi’s tally continuing to be more than 7,000 daily this week after dropping to nearly 1,000 in September. India’s infections overall have held steady recently with 44,281 new cases reported Wednesday. The Health Ministry also reported 512 deaths, taking total fatalities to 127,571. Testing in India has generally remained opaque, with the government not sharing the total share of rapid tests that India has used to boost its testing levels in the past months. The rapid antigen tests can miss infections, while the RT-PCR molecular tests are more reliable. The number of daily new coronavirus cases is on the rise in Japan as the country has entered a third wave of infections, experts said Wednesday. Experts on a Japanese coronavirus task force said the rise of infections has picked up since earlier this month, with daily new cases repeatedly exceeding 1,000. “I think we can say that a third wave of infections has started,” Japan Medical Association president Toshio Nakagawa told reporters. He said a rapid resurgence in Hokkaido, where clusters have been spotted in night entertainment areas in the prefectural capital of Sapporo, is particularly a concern. Hokkaido had 197 cases Wednesday, after reporting a prefectural record of 200 on Monday. As of Wednesday morning, Japan had 110,156 total cases with 1,841 deaths.A leading Chinese health official has expressed confidence the country may avoid a second wave of coronavirus infections this winter if it maintains current precautions. Feng Zijian, deputy director of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, told leading financial magazine Caixin that China “will very likely prevent” a new round of infections given present trends. Feng described the present state of the outbreak in China as “very safe overall.” China has largely eliminated new local outbreaks by requiring masks indoors and on public transport, requiring two-week quarantines for those entering the country and banning some foreign travellers entirely.Authorities have quickly moved to address local outbreaks by tracing potential contacts, carrying out widespread testing and sometimes locking down entire communities. While China was accused of suppressing information about the outbreak at its initial stage, its recent data have not been seriously challenged and local officials have moved swiftly to disclose new cases. That has allowed the world’s second-largest economy to largely recover, partly with the help of the country’s thriving home delivery services.The amateur wrestling world championships have been cancelled because of travel restrictions amid the coronavirus pandemic.United World Wrestling says there weren’t enough entries for next month’s tournament in Serbia to meet its criteria for a world championship event. UWW adds that travel restrictions and other “participation hurdles” made it hard for teams to sign up by a Nov. 5 deadline.UWW had wanted at least eight of the top-10 ranked nations and 70 per cent of the athletes from last year’s world championships to participate. A smaller “Individual World Cup” tournament will be held in Serbia instead.The search for a home, or at least a place to temporarily call home, continues for the  but at least they have a firm timeline.The NBA’s decision to go full throttle on an accelerated path to the 2020-21 season is now official, putting added pressure on Toronto to find some place to play the home portion of a 72-game regular season that will begin Dec. 22.Whether that’s in the Scotiabank Arena or one of several possible American sites remains unclear but Raptors officials are pressing to get approval to play in their usual spot.Any plan to play in Toronto would take approval of three levels of government, along with the NBA and the NBA Players Association, no easy feat. But it is a fight worth fighting, the franchise believes, because the overwhelming desire is to be somewhere where they control everything from housing to practice facilities to medical facilities to transportation to and from airports and arenas.Hong Kong and Singapore will start an air travel bubble at the end of November, allowing travellers from each city to visit the other without entering quarantine in a first step to stimulate tourism amid the coronavirus pandemic.Starting Nov. 22, visitors from either city must have a negative virus test result before they leave, when they arrive and before they return. Flights designated to carry passengers in the bubble will carry a maximum of 200 travellers each. It will start with one flight a day to each city and increase to two designated flights Dec. 7.The bubble will be suspended for two weeks if either Hong Kong or Singapore reports a seven-day moving average of more than five untraceable coronavirus infections, according to the Hong Kong government.“Hong Kong and Singapore are similar in terms of epidemic control. Both are regional aviation hubs and international cities, enjoying strong trade, investment, finance, tourism and people-to-people ties,” said Hong Kong’s secretary for commerce and economic development Edward Yau. “The revival of cross-border air travel between the two places is of utmost importance.”He said that he hopes the aviation, tourism, hotel and retail businesses will benefit from the bubble, and that it would gradually help Hong Kong’s economy to recover.As he pondered the news that Toronto was  again as case counts soar, Erik Joyal wasn’t exactly shocked. But that didn’t make it any easier to digest.“It’s super disappointing. It’s going to make for another very, very tough month,” said Joyal, partner at Ascari Hospitality Group, which runs several downtown restaurants.The new 28-day restrictions — announced by Toronto’s chief medical officer of health Dr. Eileen De Villa — aim to stem the record COVID numbers Toronto’s been seeing. The restrictions include extensions of a ban on indoor gym and yoga classes, cinemas, casinos and event spaces, as well as extending a ban on indoor dining and drinking, just as the weather cools off and patio season winds down.That, said Joyal, could spell the end for some Ascari properties.“I’ve got landlords breathing down my neck for November rent, and the rent subsidies haven’t come through yet,” said Joyal, referring to the new , unveiled in early October by the federal government.“The grave risk we currently face is evident,” Toronto’s top doctor told residents on Tuesday afternoon. “More action is required to protect the people of Toronto from the rampant spread of COVID-19.”With that, Dr. Eileen de Villa, the city’s medical officer of health, to keep businesses from reopening in Toronto on Saturday as planned under new Ontario guidelines.She also strongly urged residents and businesses to take additional steps to protect their health.De Villa’s move came as the number of new cases in the city continue to rise more than 500 per day.Norway’s friendly soccer match against Israel has been cancelled because of the risk of contracting COVID-19.The Norwegian soccer federation says the decision was recommended by national health authorities one day after an Israel player tested positive.Norway will still play at Romania on Sunday and at Austria next Wednesday in the Nations League.Israel is scheduled to play at the Czech Republic on Sunday and host Scotland next Wednesday.The Beach. It’sknown to many for its closeness, where residents band together to support each other and advocate for local infrastructure improvements. Where visitors flock over the summer months as they explore the city.The east end Toronto residential neighbourhood that sits on Lake Ontario spans from Coxwell Avenue East to Victoria Park Avenue. There are lots of small businesses — bars, restaurants, specialty shops. Many are owned and operated by people whose families have lived in the area for many years.But unlike pre-pandemic times, foot traffic in the area is light these days. It’s easy to find parking spots along Queen Street East, something near impossible in the past. Shop operators are spending hours sitting behind the counters and gazing at the doors, waiting for an occasional customer. It’s not completely quiet in the area, but it’s not as bustling as it used to be.Norway’s friendly soccer match against Israel has been cancelled because of the risk of contracting COVID-19.The Norwegian soccer federation says the decision was recommended by national health authorities one day after an Israel player tested positive.Norway will still play at Romania on Sunday and at Austria next Wednesday in the Nations League.Israel is scheduled to play at the Czech Republic on Sunday and host Scotland next Wednesday.The European Union is proposing plans to improve the preparedness and co-ordination of its 27 member nations in the event of a future public health emergency like the coronavirus pandemic.When COVID-19 struck European countries with varying intensity during the spring, the EU found its ability to organize a common response lacking since the bloc’s policies largely left members to their own devices.EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said Wednesday that the “pandemic has highlighted the need for more co-ordination in the EU, more resilient health systems, and better preparation for future crises.”The commission laid out a series of proposals to reinforce surveillance across borders, streamline data reporting and to boost the powers of EU agencies like the European Center for Disease Control and Prevention and the European Medicines.Decreasing hospitalizations, fewer confirmed cases and other major public health indicators show that .Virologist Steven Van Gucht of the Sciensano government health group said Wednesday: “The decrease of infections and hospital admissions is continuing. And for the first time, the number of patients in intensive care units is no longer increasing,” saidThe daily number of deaths caused by COVID-19 “continues to rise, but here, too, the pace seems to slow down,” he said.It was welcome news for Belgium, which proportionally is among the worst-hit nations in Europe when it comes to confirmed coronavirus cases. Officials had feared that the nation’s maximum intensive care unit occupancy of 2,000 beds would be reached last Friday. ICU bed use is now plateauing and slightly tapering off at 1,470.One after another, some of the most embattled names in corporate America are racing to raise easy money while they can.With the coronavirus surging anew across the nation, two prominent companies in the stricken travel industry — American Airlines Group Inc. and Carnival Corp. — outlined plans Tuesday to sell stock. Meantime, in the junk bond market, corporations with weak credit ratings are hurrying to lock in today’s ultra-low interest rates.The rush underscores the angst gripping many companies even as global investors drive financial markets to giddy heights. With reduced odds for a large stimulus package, companies looking for money to tide them through the crisis are riding an election rally and progress toward a vaccine that could end the pandemic. Traders also cheered the prospect of a split Congress that may limit regulatory changes and tax increases. But it could be a short reprieve, with President-elect Joe Biden warning a “dark winter” lies ahead as the virus roars back, signaling some hard months before a vaccine is available.The U.S. hit a Tuesday and surpassed 1 million new confirmed cases in just the first 10 days of November amid a nationwide surge of infections that shows no signs of slowing.The new wave appears bigger and more widespread than the surges that happened in the spring and summer — and threatens to be worse. But experts say there are also reasons to think the nation is better able to deal with the virus this time around.“We’re definitely in a better place” when it comes to improved medical tools and knowledge, said William Hanage, a Harvard University infectious-disease researcher.Newly confirmed infections in the U.S. were running at all-time highs of well over 100,000 per day, pushing the total to more than 10 million and eclipsing 1 million since Halloween. There are now 61,964 people hospitalized, according to the COVID Tracking Project.As the coronavirus explodes again, the World Health Organization finds itself both under intense pressure to reform and holding out hope that U.S. President-elect Joe Biden will reverse a decision by Washington to leave the health agency.With its annual meeting underway this week, WHO has been sharply criticized for not taking a stronger and more vocal role in handling the pandemic. For example, in private internal meetings in the early days of the virus, top scientists described some countries’ approaches as “an unfortunate laboratory to study the virus” and a “macabre” opportunity to see what worked, recordings obtained by The Associated Press show. Yet in public, the U.N. health agency lauded governments for their responses.Biden has promised to overturn President Donald Trump’s decision in June to cut off funds to WHO and withdraw the U.S. WHO has also bowed to demands from member countries for an independent panel to review its management of the pandemic response, and WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said Monday that the agency welcomed “any and all attempts” to strengthen it “for the sake of the people we serve.”With permanent residence visas in hand, they sold their houses, quit their jobs and even shipped some of their belongings to their new homes in Canada.Then COVID-19 hit, closing international borders and leaving them high and dry — without a home, job or path to restoring their stalled immigration dreams.While the federal government is striving to restart an immigration system halted by the coronavirus pandemic and to make up for its 2020 shortfall, tens of thousands of would-be newcomers who have the visas to settle here permanently are being kept outside Canada. Some of their visas have now expired.Cambodia on Wednesday to prevent the spread of the coronavirus after a number of people connected to a Hungarian official’s visit tested positive.The Interior Ministry did not elaborate on the ban on government events and meetings. It had already closed schools, nightclubs, beer halls and cinemas in Phnom Penh and neighbouring Kandal province.The decision came after the government struggled to trace people that came into contact with Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto, who made a short visit to Cambodia on Nov. 3 before testing positive on arrival later that day in neighbouring Thailand. All his meetings in Thailand were cancelled and he flew home on Nov. 4.after gains in most Asian markets driven by hopes that a COVID-19 vaccine may hasten a return to normal for the global economy.Benchmarks rose in Paris, London and Tokyo but slipped in Hong Kong and Shanghai. New Chinese regulations focused on technology companies pulled shares in big technology companies like Alibaba and Tencent sharply lower.Markets have moderated after rallying earlier this week after Pfizer announced Monday that a potential COVID-19 vaccine it’s developing with German partner BioNTech may be 90% effective, based on early but incomplete test results. But experts have cautioned that many challenges remain, even if the shot is approved for use.while they mark the service and sacrifice of those who have given their lives to defend the country.The solemnity of Remembrance Day is butting up against the threat posed by COVID-19.The Royal Canadian Legion is explicitly discouraging Canadians from attending Remembrance Day ceremonies in person this year and instead asking people to watch on TV or online.The legion is promising to include many of the traditional elements of the ceremonies, such as the playing of the Last Post, the singing of In Flanders Fields, and flybys of military aircraft.The latest numbers of confirmed COVID-19 cases in Canada as of 4:00 a.m. EST on Nov. 11, 2020:There are 273,037 confirmed cases in Canada._ Quebec: 117,151 confirmed (including 6,493 deaths, 99,721 resolved)_ Ontario: 86,783 confirmed (including 3,260 deaths, 73,417 resolved)_ Alberta: 34,873 confirmed (including 369 deaths, 26,407 resolved)_ British Columbia: 19,239 confirmed (including 284 deaths, 13,704 resolved)_ Manitoba: 8,878 confirmed (including 114 deaths, 3,374 resolved)_ Saskatchewan: 4,214 confirmed (including 28 deaths, 2,880 resolved)_ Nova Scotia: 1,132 confirmed (including 65 deaths, 1,049 resolved)_ New Brunswick: 355 confirmed (including 6 deaths, 332 resolved)_ Newfoundland and Labrador: 297 confirmed (including 4 deaths, 286 resolved)_ Prince Edward Island: 67 confirmed (including 64 resolved)_ Yukon: 23 confirmed (including 1 death, 20 resolved)_ Repatriated Canadians: 13 confirmed (including 13 resolved)_ Northwest Territories: 10 confirmed (including 10 resolved)_ Nunavut: 2 confirmed_ Total: 273,037 (0 presumptive, 273,037 confirmed including 10,624 deaths, 221,277 resolved)For over half a century, a massive graveyard on the edge of Iran’s capital has provided a final resting place for this country’s war dead, its celebrities and artists, its thinkers and leaders and all those in between.But  ravaging Iran, with double the usual number of bodies arriving each day and grave diggers excavating thousands of new plots.“All of the crises that we have experienced at this cemetery over the past 50 years of its history have lasted for just a few days or a week at most,” said Saeed Khaal, the cemetery’s manager. Never before — not during earthquakes or even the country’s 1980s war with Iraq — has the pace of bodies flowing into Behesht-e-Zahra been so high for so long, he said.“Now we have been in a crisis for 260 days, and it is not clear how many months more we are going to be facing this crisis,” he said.With 1.6 million people buried on its grounds, which stretch across more than 5 square kilometres, Behesht-e-Zahra is one of the world’s largest cemeteries and the primary one for Tehran’s 8.6 million people. The golden minarets of its Imam Khomeini Shrine, the burial site of the leader of Iran’s 1979 Islamic Revolution, are visible for kilometres.Texas health officials say . According to the Johns Hopkins website, the state recorded 1,010,364 cases early Wednesday with 19,337 deaths since the pandemic began in early March.Texas recorded 10,865 coronavirus cases on Tuesday, setting a new daily record that surpassed by 74 cases an old mark set July 15, state officials said.According to state figures on Tuesday, an estimated 132,146 cases are active, the most since Aug. 17, and 6,170 COVID-19 cases are hospitalized, the most since Aug. 18.-
Anyone who has bought or sold a property since the COVID-19 state of emergency was declared in Ontario last March will have experienced a sea change in how these deals are legally closed.Prior to the pandemic, buyers and sellers of houses and condominiums would go to their lawyer’s office to sign hard copies of the necessary documents to prepare their deals for closing. Personal visits were necessary because some closing documents — such as affidavits or statutory declarations concerning HST and residency — had to be sworn in the presence of a lawyer or paralegal authorized to administer an oath.When COVID-19 hit Ontario, it suddenly became risky if not impossible for lawyers to administer the necessary oaths in person. The Law Society of Ontario immediately issued a statement interpreting the legislation to mean that the lawyer, or paralegal, could use videoconferencing and did not have to be in the physical presence of the client. The government subsequently amended the legislation to the same effect.And with that, 200 years of precedent changed overnight and clients no longer had to meet their lawyers in person to swear affidavits or declarations. Buyers, sellers and lawyers had to quickly learn how to do videoconference-signing meetings using Zoom, WhatsApp, FaceTime, LawyerDoneDeal, Microsoft Teams and other platforms. After closing documents are signed remotely, buyers and sellers have to scan and return them by email, fax, courier or personal delivery.This presents challenges for some clients who are not computer literate. For instance, one client of mine was in a nursing home without a computer and with a no-visitor policy.In another transaction, I had nine family members selling a piece of land to a municipality which refused to accept anything but ink signatures. We all met in my driveway, everyone wearing masks and socially distanced, and signed one at a time on a TV tray.The exchange of house keys, done by courier before COVID, is now done using lock boxes at the properties.In the pre-COVID days, buyers would deliver closing funds to their lawyers in person by certified cheques or bank drafts. Sellers would receive funds the same way, or by direct bank deposits. With some exceptions, bank wires have become commonplace. This has created its own set of problems since the wiring of funds can be problematic. It turns out that wiring funds is not instantaneous, and some transactions have had to be postponed due to delays when funds go missing in cyberspace.In one case, I wired closing proceeds to a seller client. After a week when the funds failed to arrive, I asked the bank to return the money to me. Within a couple of days, the funds appeared in my trust account and the client’s account at the same time. It took another week to straighten that one out.While it’s certainly more convenient to meet electronically, many of my clients tell me they miss the personal touch. So do I.
See what’s on the market in the GTA with a selection of virtual Open Houses.: 51 Leila Jackson Terr.,Torbarrie Rd. and Sergio Marchi St.: Detached two-storey; 3+2 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms: $995,000 : Mary Ann Semen, Sutton Group Realty Systems Inc., 416-896-3333.: Hardwood floors; upgraded kitchen with maple cabinets, stainless steel appliances, granite breakfast bar; family room with gas fireplace; finished basement with modern kitchen and rec room; fully fenced yardClose to Downsview Dells Park, Hwy. 400, Sheppard Ave. shopping.: 288 St Clair Ave. W., #4,St. Clair Ave. W. and Spadina Rd.: Condominium townhouse; 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms: $1,989,000  : Leeanne Weld, Royal Lepage/J&D Division, 416-566-8603.: Georgian-style townhome; gourmet kitchen with granite countertops; primary suite ensuite with double vanity, soaker tub, separate shower; two-car parking; separate entrance.Walk to Forest Hill Village, private schools, shopping, Winston Churchill Park.: 1300 Concession 4 Rd.,Uxbridge Pickering Town Line and Concession 4 Rd. : Detached two storey; 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms: $1,659,900 : Marie Persaud, Coldwell Banker RMR, 905- 852-4338, www.mariepersaud.ca.: 2,700 sq. ft. home on 10 acres; three wood-burning fireplaces; family room with wet bar, wood-burning stove and cathedral ceiling; finished basement with sauna and laundry; front verandah; back deck; partially insulated barn with hydro, water and second-floor workshop; two-car garage.Short drive to Hwys. 7, 407, 404 & 401. Less than an hour to downtown Toronto. Minutes to Uxbridge, Stouffville, Pickering.: 31 Ralston St.,Ralston Dr. and Scriven St.: Detached bungalow; 3 bedrooms, 1.5 bathrooms: $600,000 : Julie Parker, Royal Service Real Estate Inc, 905-269-0120www.julieparker.ca: Hardwood floors; gas fireplace; open living-dining area across full width of house; sunroom; updated kitchen; yard with interlocking patios; in-ground pool.Close to shopping and Hwy. 401.: 230 King St. E., #419;King and Sherbourne Sts.: Condominium; 1+1 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms: $649,000  (click on the 3D Open House tab): Dave Elfassy, Sutton Group Admiral Realty Inc., 416-899-1199, : 700 sq. ft.; primary bedroom has four-piece ensuite and mirrored closet; den converted to second bedroom; parking, two lockers and a bike rack.Minutes to St. Lawrence Market, Financial/Fashion/Entertainment Districts, Harbourfront, Lake Ontario and Waterfront Trail, and the Gardiner Expwy.
Ontario has set yet another record for  cases, topping 1,400 for the first time, as Peel has overtaken much bigger Toronto for the distinction of having the most daily new infections.The Ministry of Health reported 1,426 more residents of the province tested positive for the highly contagious virus, the second day in a row for new highs that have been coming with increasing frequency.“Locally, there are 468 new cases in Peel, 384 in Toronto, 180 in York Region, 63 in Durham and 62 in Hamilton,” Health Minister Christine Elliott said on Twitter.The numbers come after Toronto  that will continue a ban on indoor dining at bars and restaurants, prohibit indoor fitness classes, keep meeting and event spaces, casinos and bingo halls closed but allow gyms to reopen. 
First this, on this most somber of days.It’s unfortunate that there cannot be as many or as many well-attended ceremonies at cenotaphs across Canada this morning to mark the 11 hour of the 11 day of the 11 month because Remembrance Day is that important.My family was lucky, we were of generations that missed both the World Wars and other global conflicts and did not suffer the loss so many other families did.But maybe that’s made today even more poignant to me, I understand completely that I and my father and his father and our families all through would not have been able to live the lives we are had not been for the men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice defending it.I was astonished and angered, well, spitting mad is more appropriate, at the ridiculous decision by Whole Foods last week to deny – even temporarily until someone with a brain got involved with the process – workers the right to wear a poppy.Heck, not only should it be encouraged, it should be freaking mandatory.Anyway, it’s going to be quiet at Casa Doug at 11 a.m. today, I hope it’s the same wherever you are.Lest we forget.--A buddy texted on the weekend to say I’d love Nashville because I could find a nice patio with working WiFi and solid music to pass the writing time if I had to do off-day Raptors stories there.Last night, another pal told me Tampa’s not only got a nice Marriott right across from the arena (my points total has stalled since March) and that I might get a Presidente if I needed one (it’s in the book) and I would like to get familiar with the Cigar City Brewery if I had to spend any time there covering the Raptors.Nice to have friends, eh?But what I can’t get is why I’m hearing from so many fans who insist that, if need be, the Raptors to go to this city or that city to start the season if playing Toronto can’t happen.Why care? It’s not like anyone’s going to be able to hop in car or on a plane to go catch a game or two. Not only might they not be able to because of crowd size restrictions in some cities, I can’t imagine anyone willing to come back and isolate at home for two weeks after a trip.No. Unless you’ve got a family member working in an arena or hotel or practice facility somewhere, I can’t imagine why any possible destination matters to even a diehard fan.It matters to guys like me because I may have to go somewhere for weeks on end at some point and I need creature comforts and ease of existence.Fans?Not so much.But, , work is going on behind the scenes and the door is not even close to being completely shut on a Scotiabank Arena season.Time is absolutely running out but there is some left to put together some sensible plan that takes care of the many concerns many have.-The mail looks like it’s coming along nicely for Sunday but I’m sure there are some burning questions in your mind that you’d like to get answered.All you have to do to make that happen is click on  sometime today and fire them off. We’ll get around to answering them and you’ll magically see it happen here Sunday morning.-We lost one of the giants of basketball yesterday when Tommy Heinsohn passed away.I cannot think of one person more closely associated with one sports franchise than Tommy was with the Celtics.Think of it: He was a part, either as a player, a coach or a broadcaster, part of every single one of Boston’s 17 NBA championships. That’s astonishing in this day and age and I honestly can’t think of anyone with those same kind of credentials.It is something he was proud of and we should marvel at.Now, there were times in his local broadcasting career when he was cringe-worthy, the ultimate homer and I know there were times when people would be watching and thinking “oh, man. Tommy. Give it a rest. We get it. The Cs are getting jobbed, the refs suck, the world’s against you. Just be quiet.”But that was part of his charm and his schtick and there were far more people who loved him for than disliked him for it.It was what made Tommy, Tommy.I didn’t know him well, for sure. A couple of conversations in the dining room at the Garden every now and then; he always had time and always had an opinion.Just a good guy.He also used to partake in some fresh air and there was a little back of house area on the third floor of the Garden – the floor where the court was – where you’d go at halftime for a quick breath and see Tommy.Well, he gave up fresh air a long time ago, I think when his wife got sick although I’m not 100 per cent sure on that, and that’s when the huge No Smoking signs when up in his spot, the security guards checked it out every halftime and we had to take the elevator down three floors and go outside if we wanted fresh air.RIP, Tommy.And he was also part of the greatest series of sports television commercials ever.-
This past weekend, with daytime temperatures in Toronto reaching record highs for early November, the city’s inhabitants spilled out of their homes as fast as kids hearing the ice cream truck, and took to the great outdoors to luxuriate in the sun’s warm caress. From my perch on a picnic bench overlooking the boardwalk at Ashbridges Bay Park, I watched the passing parade of humanity making the most of our second summer. Young men strolled shirtless; young women sported tank tops, short shorts and flip-flops; there were strollers, skateboarders, cyclists, kite flyers and scooters. If you didn’t know better, you might think it was a perfect day in July.But if you were to leave the crowds enjoying the boardwalk, and take the narrow, much less travelled footpath that winds along the water’s edge, you would see evidence that the park’s resident animals have not been tricked into believing Mother Nature has rewound her seasonal clock. Consider the park’s beaver family. They haven’t let a week of warm, sunny and golden days fool them into thinking summer has returned. On the contrary — they are in the full fury of their busiest season, fall. Everywhere you look there are piles of fresh wood shavings beside new stumps chiselled into fresh, woody points. Stumps that look as if a giant has spilled a box of newly sharpened pencils. Since beavers don’t hibernate, they need to stockpile food for the winter they know is fast approaching, despite this sweet stretch of balmy weather. Their behaviour is driven not by temperature but by the number of hours of sunshine over the course of 24 hours — day length, or what scientists call photoperiod.For many plants and animals, day length acts like a strong environmental switch, turning survival strategies like migration or food hoarding on and off. The beavers’ time clock begins with specialized cells in their eyes that detect light and send a signal along complex nerve pathways to the pineal gland in their brains. In response, the pineal gland produces the hormone melatonin, which regulates a variety of physiological and behavioural processes, including food storing.Beavers, strict vegetarians, will chew on any species of tree, but prefer to tuck into a nice hardwood, like alder, aspen, birch or willow. At Ashbridges Bay and elsewhere along Toronto’s waterfront parks, beavers show a strong preference for willows and poplars, especially the native eastern cottonwood.At the Leslie Street Spit, where I walk daily, beavers have toppled dozens of cottonwoods, and are in the process of gnawing their way through dozens more. There is so much lumber tossed about in tangled piles that it looks like a Brobdingnagian game of pick-up sticks. Once a big tree has been felled, often a single night’s work, the beavers strip branches of their bark (among their favourite fall foods), and chomp, chomp, chomp them into easy-to-drag lengths. They then haul these branches and saplings to their winter food store, a cache they construct in deep water near their lodge. Small leafy branches are at the top of the pile, while larger branches are stored underneath. When the surface of the lake freezes over in winter, the beavers leave the safety of their lodge and swim under the ice — where they remain protected from predators — to reach the cache, where they will have access to fresh food. According to the Smithsonian’s National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute, the water acts as the beavers’ refrigerator, keeping the stems cold and preserving their nutritional value. Last winter at Ashbridges Bay, the beaver family’s winter food cache was adorned with many metres of colourful tinsel — the rodents’ unexpected nod to the season, or an unintended consequence after they felled a tree someone had decorated for Christmas.While the autumnal blitz to establish a food cache is critical to the survival of beavers over the winter, there’s no doubt the toothy rampage takes a toll on our parks’ tree cover. But the city’s parks department is on it, protecting many trees, especially the older cottonwoods Toronto’s beavers find so irresistible, with wire cages that prevent gnawing.Protecting park trees, especially native ones like cottonwoods, is a high priority for the city as it struggles to increase its canopy to provide cooling shade and habitat for wildlife. Working with the Toronto and Region and Conservation Authority, it’s a tricky balance for the parks department, which wants to minimize interference with wild animals and birds.While city officials are cautious in their actions, the beavers are even more prudent. While we party like it’s summer again, they are preparing for the long, cold winter ahead.
At first glance,  storefront might catch your eye as just another stylish Queen Street boutique, but look a little closer and you may be surprised at what you see. The shop window is filled with a display of dried flowers - and containers of dried blooms and grasses wrapped in bouquets of brown craft paper are the first thing you see when you step into the shop located directly across from Trinity Bellwoods Park.“I had been telling people that dried flowers made up more than half of my sales, and I don’t think anyone believed it, but now they see that over half of the shop inventory is dried and it’s selling quickly,” says owner Shannon Whelan whose newly opened flower shop includes a dried flower bar with more than 50 varieties in a rainbow of colours.While the doors to the shop opened in early October, Whelan had already grown a loyal following of customers via Instagram, selling bouquets of fresh, locally grown blooms including many grown in yards in Toronto’s west-end. If the flowers didn’t sell, Whelan would hang them to dry, incorporating them into fresh bouquets. Demand for the dried flowers grew and Whelan began importing flowers from Europe, where she found farms dedicated to producing flowers for the dried flower market.From Pampas grass and Bunny tails to Lavender and Hydrangeas, they’re low maintenance (you can’t kill them) and they last pretty much forever, you’re just as likely to find dried flowers as you are fresh at many trendy Toronto floral shops.Instagram is driving the trend, says Jennifer Fowlow, owner of  in Toronto. “We’ve had so many requests for fully dried arrangements, so we’ve started offering them. There is a big dried flower push and like everything, it’s so tied to Instagram - because you see what other people are doing and get ideas.” The natural element is also appealing, says Fowlow, who uses a combination of blooms that dry themselves, some imports and others they source from local growers who have started to offer dried botanicals as a way to extend the season. “Sometimes they look identical to what they looked like when they were fresh, and other times they look totally different. You can really be inspired by the seasons. The ones we are putting out now are very winter-inspired – more white-washed, an almost barren look that reflects the coming season.”The trend has really evolved, says Kalynn Crump, the founder of , a company that recycles and composts flowers from weddings and corporate events. “I’ve seen arrangements with grasses, feathers, leaves, ferns and all sorts of stuff,” says Crump.To dry your own blooms, gently dry the stems with a kitchen towel and wrap loosely in newspaper, like a bouquet. The newspaper soaks up the moisture from the stem, which helps prevent mould, says Crump. Hang upside down and leave to dry, but if you can’t hang them, lay them flat over something that has airflow. Once dry, they’ll be very delicate. Some flowers, like hydrangea can benefit from a light application of hairspray to help hold them together.Create a stylish arrangement by breaking the design process into steps. Start with choosing materials and then lay them out on a table to see how they interact together, says Fowlow who offers online workshops. “Have all the elements next to you and consider the palette before you start so that you have a bit of a vision, because you can’t just take things in and out, they might break. Choose flowers with different shapes. You’ll need some line (like Bunny Tails, that are tall), some focal (unique looking dried cotton, feathers or mushrooms) and some filler (fluffy Baby’s Breath). If you want it to look like more of an arrangement, then think about the different elements that you’re using.” Prevent the container from toppling over by placing small stones, sand or pebble glass in the bottom to give it weight. Hold stems in place using chicken wire bunched up in the bottom of a solid vessel or floral tape crisscrossed on top of a glass container. Avoid floral foam which is not environmentally friendly. “We’ve used dried grass crumpled up at the base to hold things together, or Spanish moss,” says Fowlow. Keep the arrangement away from water or too much humidity (no bathrooms) and out of direct sunlight or it will fade quickly, and shake it gently or blow on it every once in a while, to remove dust.Toronto based photographer  known for her Old Masters inspired (think 17th century Dutch still life painters) fine art photography , shared some tips to help get an Instagram-worthy shot using the camera on your phone.Sjaarda recommends using natural light from a nearby window. “Indirect light is best, beside a window but without direct sunlight coming in, otherwise bright sunlight and black shadow will be a problem. Even if it’s a dark, rainy day, turn off the lights or you’ll be dealing with unnatural colour, shadows, and if it’s a shiny surface you’ll get some reflections,” says Sjaarda.Make sure the horizon line is straight so it doesn’t look like the arrangement is going to slide off the surface, and control the exposure - point the camera at the arrangement, touch the screen where you want it to focus to even out the level of exposure. Adjust it until you can see that the brightest part of your photo has the texture and detail that you can see with your naked eye. The photo might look too dark, says Sjaarda. “Experiment until it looks good to you. Toggle between shadow, brightness and contrast until it feels right. While it may be tempting to use filters, it’s a shortcut that doesn’t really bring out the best in a photo. It’s better to learn how to use the editing tools.”The background can be as important as the subject. Prop something up behind the arrangement, use a plain wall or tack up a piece of cloth. “For a really dark old masters background, use a piece of black velvet, it absorbs all light, you won’t see any drapes or folds and that can be really beautiful to see how the flowers come out at you from the darkness. If you’re using indirect light, consider your background and if you’re careful about your exposure, you’ll probably get a really good result.”
There’s an aspect of  winner Backxwash’s metal-laced raps that you won’t find in too many other places: witchcraft.Ashanti Mutinta, whose first full-length album “God Has Nothing To Do With This – Leave Him Out Of it” captured the $50,000 grand prize last month during the pandemic-delayed Polaris Music Prize, says witchcraft plays an important role in the subject matter of the album and earlier EPs like 2018’s “Deviancy” and “Black Sailor Moon.”“Witchcraft is important because in the spiritual sense, it’s the purest form of the type of spirituality I could do, because it comes from a pre-colonial timeline,” Mutinta, a transgender rapper who was born in Zambia’s capital of Lusaka, explained last week from her Montreal apartment.“So, it’s like the tribe that I’m a part of, these are practices that they used to teach and believe in before the missionaries came, so it plays an important aspect in that sense because it’s going back to the beginning. “Mutinta says that such songs as “Black Magic” and “Spells’ on “God;” “Bad Juju” and “Burn Me At The Stake” on “Deviancy” and “Voodoo” on “Black Sailor Moon” reflect positivity.“Some people don’t like it and may look at it as negative,” she continues. “But for me it’s a positive force.”The practice, which is still prevalent in modern Lukasa is certainly an aural positive for those who have watched the meteoric and prolific rise of Backxwash, who has progressed quite substantially as an artist from her initial “F.R.E.A.K.S.” EP, released in 2018.More recently, she’s taken to metal and post rock as a source of sampling, incorporating snippets of tracks by classic British rockers Black Sabbath and Montreal’s experimental music collective Godspeed You! Black Emperor as the backdrop for her sound.“It’s just the feeling of it (hard and post rock),” Mutinta explains. “I like how heavy and demented it sounds. And most of the time, when I’m thinking of songs to choose, the feeling is that the apex of what I want when it comes to making a beat. I like a lot of those feelings that heavy metal brings, and they mesh well with the music I’m trying to create.”However, including some of those samples have come at a price: Mutinta didn’t clear some of the samples before they were used, so therefore “God Has Nothing To Do With This – Leave Him Out Of It” is being made available as a free download through Backxwash’s Bandcamp site.Is she attempting to resolve clearance issues to eventually sell the album?“I’d rather say no comment for now,” she responds. “Only that it’s an ongoing process.”But Mutinta does admit that however it works out, metal-and-post-rock-flavoured samples will be the norm for now.“I guess the difference in choosing those sounds is also part of a new creative process.”On Bandcamp, Mutinta has been very forthcoming about the emotional motives behind her work. After “F.R.E.A.K.S.” unapologetically dealt with her sexuality, “Black Sailor Moon” was described as a “rage-filled approach to religion, gender, sexuality and witchcraft,” while “God” is depicted as “my version of forgiveness and things that I need to face in order to reach my version of that.”She’s also the first to admit that “God” didn’t quite fulfill her intentions.“I think it helped me feed the need to explore,” says Mutinta. “I’m searching for an answer. And hopefully one day it’s going to come, but I haven’t really figured it out.”She does admit that “God” is a portrayal of troubled mental health.“It tells the story of a descent: a kind of a downward spiral story of a descent into this transitionary tale about a person’s mental state…feelings of forgiveness and kind of also illustrating mental deterioration due to everything that has happened.”Mutinta said her first exposure to hip-hop was when her sister introduced her to The Notorious B.I.G. track “Mo Money Mo Problems.”She was hooked.“I like hip hop because if you want to say something cathartic, it’s the best genre for that.”Mutinta, who describes herself as “reserved” and “introverted,” learned the FL Studio digital audio workstation and now composes most of her beats at home.“Usually I make the beat first and once I know and like what it sounds like, that’s when I write lyrics to it. The idea of the words usually comes after the beat is made.”She then takes it to a proper studio, although she also says that “God” was primarily made in the bedroom confines of her co-executive producer, Will Owen Bennett, drummer for Montreal’s Aquarius Dreams.“Will’s got such a good ear for engineering,” she notes. “Mixing hip hop is much different than mixing other genres and Will makes those mixes very cohesive and knows how to leave the intensity where it is. I like Will’s philosophy of approaching that tension.”Mutinta, who celebrated her Polaris victory with “a little wine before getting some sleep,” says it’s still too early to determine how the new recognition has changed her life.“It’s a good feeling, but as far as it being life-changing, it’s too soon to tell,” she admits.“I’m mulling over my options, but I am back in the studio making beats, because I’m inspired now. I guess that’s one of the things that’s changed.”She’s also been touched by the favourable public reaction her music has caused.“Sometimes I see messages in my inbox about how the album helped people get through tough times. I didn’t expect that.“I didn’t really set out to make an album that, was going to touch people with my thoughts and emotions. So, I’m really flattered at how people were able to connect with it at so many different levels.”Mutinta says there’s plenty more Backxwash to come: in August, she released another EP called “Stigmata” and figures she’ll drop a new album early in 2021.“I’m attracted to artists like David Bowie and those who create huge catalogues. Every album of his sounded different – there was something for everybody. Same as Bjork and Kanye West: I’d like to have like an extensive catalog, full of different experimentation.“So, I’m feeling really inspired to go back into the studio.”
When a dawn fog lifted over countless World War I cemeteries and monuments in Belgium and France Wednesday, the pandemic ensured that the remembrance of the millions killed in the 1914-1918 conflict was one of the loneliest ever.Under the Menin Gate in western Belgium's Ypres, at the heart of the blood-drenched Flanders Fields, usually thousands gather to pay tribute. On Wednesday, only half a dozen were allowed at the monument carved with the names of more than 54,000 fallen British and Commonwealth soldiers who have no known grave.The nearby Flanders Field American Cemetery and the Commonwealth Tyne Cot were all closed due to pandemic precautions.Somber remembrances were held from London to Paris and at many places along the former Western Front, where Ypres saw some of the bloodiest battles in a war remembered for brutal trench warfare and the first use of chemical weapons.In Paris, President Emmanuel Macron paid tribute to wartime Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau at a statue in his honour, then laid a wreath of red, white and blue flowers representing the tricolour French flag at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, and re-ignited the flame.Also, to mark 100 years since an unidentified soldier killed at Verdun was buried beneath the Arc de Triomphe, French soldiers organized a memorial run from Verdun to Paris to pay homage to all French soldiers killed in conflict. They ran for five days, dressed in WWI-era uniforms, with weapons slung over their backs.Philip Favel, 98, has never stopped fighting for Indigenous veterans since he landed on Juno Beach.On Sunday, the Canadian War Museum unveiled a portrait honouring him for Indigenous Veterans Day. His granddaughter, Nadine Favel, said he’s the oldest living Indigenous Second World War veteran in Canada.She said he watched the ceremony from his home on the Sweetgrass First Nation near the Battlefords, commemorating a lifetime he spent pushing for fair compensation for Indigenous Second World War veterans.Favel represented him at the ceremony in Ottawa. The event featured Canada’s top soldier, Gen. Jonathan Vance, and Assembly of First Nations National Chief Perry Bellegarde, who noted returning Indigenous soldiers didn’t receive equal benefits upon returning home.Quinquin, his code name, followed orders, crossing enemy lines to pass messages if needed. In the end he was killed by friendly fire, at the age of 6, .Marcel Pinte has only recently been getting his due. Just last week his name was inscribed on a monument to the war dead in Aixe-sur-Vienne, a town of less than 6,000 in central France, near his zone of operation. He is among the fallen being honoured Wednesday, when France commemorates the Nov. 11, 1918 armistice ending World War I and pays homage to all those who have died for the nation.The little boy lived at the heart of the “army of the shadows,” as Resistance fighters were known, led from London by Gen. Charles de Gaulle and on the ground in his patch of France by his father, Eugene Pinte, a local Resistance chief who set up an operations centre at a farm outside Aixe-sur-Vienne. His farmhouse received coded messages from London, and parachute drops of supplies in a field nearby. A street was named after the father, code-named Athos, four years ago for leading the liberation of the town.Marcel, the youngest of five children, was put to work helping fighters with an array of tasks. He could, for instance, slip away to nearby farms to pass messages, according to accounts published by a relative, Alexandre Bremaud.As the sun breaks over the central Newfoundland town of Gander on Remembrance Day, the graves of servicemen buried in the town’s Commonwealth War Graves site .And those fallen souls of the Second World War will not be alone.Beneath the sounds of the nearby Gander International Airport, members of the Royal Canadian Legion Branch 8 in Gander will be on hand to remember their sacrifice.Albeit, the remembering party will be smaller than in previous years due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the regulations that surround social gatherings.Still, they will be there walking amongst the 100 grey tombstones, each adorned with a cross, their name and rank, and the insignia of their respective branch of the military.There will be wreaths laid at the base of a large stone cross that reaches toward the sky.“We ensure we remember and never forget the people buried there,” said Nelson Granter, the president of Royal Canadian Legion Branch 8.President Donald Trump will participate in the Veterans Day observance at Arlington National Ceremony on Wednesday, emerging in public for the first time since his failed reelection bid to take part in the annual presidential rite.Trump has spent the last several days holed up at the White House tweeting angry, baseless claims of voter fraud after his election loss.The Trudeau government is promising millions in emergency funding to help the Royal Canadian Legion and other veterans' groups battered by the COVID-19 pandemic. Yet the promised funds fall short of what groups had requested, and the government offered no new plans for eliminating the barriers and long waits that thousands of disabled veterans have been facing in trying to access federal benefits and services.Officials also confirmed that none of the funding will go to the Juno Beach Centre, the museum built on the beach in France where Canadian soldiers went ashore on D-Day, and which has been facing its own pandemic-related financial crunch.Prime Minister Justin Trudeau took it upon himself on Tuesday to announce that the government would be providing $20 million in aid to the legion and other veterans’ groups whose finances have dried up due to the pandemic."Our veterans served Canada with honour and valour," Trudeau said during one of the federal government’s regular updates on the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada. "They stepped up for us and now we must step up for them."The legion, which says it has been forced to close dozens of branches across the country, some permanently, will get $14 million while the rest will be split among VETS Canada, True Patriot Love and other organizations that work with veterans.Such groups regularly provide assistance to veterans in need, including food, accommodation and emergency funds. They also help former military members through the often-complicated process of applying for federal assistance. Julie Payette, Governor General and Commander-in-Chief of Canada, will take part in the Remembrance Day Ceremony at the National War Memorial in Ottawa, on Wednesday at 11 a.m.This year's ceremony marks the 75th anniversary of the end of the Second World War. Although attendance will be limited due to regional and provincial public health restrictions, the ceremony will nonetheless honour all those who have made the ultimate sacrifice in service to Canada and all those who have served.The Governor General will be joined by Debbie Sullivan, the 2020 National Silver Cross Mother, who will also partake in the ceremony by placing a wreath on behalf of all Canadian mothers who have lost a son or daughter in the military service of Canada. Her son Christopher Edward Saunders, was killed during a tragic fire that occurred on board HMCS Chicoutimi, on October 6, 2004.French officials say three people were wounded on Wednesday when an explosive device hit a ceremony commemorating the end of World War II at a cemetery in the Saudi Arabian city of Jiddah.The officials from the French Foreign Ministry said that several countries had representatives at the ceremony, held at a cemetery for non-Muslim dead. The identities of the victims were unclear.Wednesday marks the 102nd anniversary of the armistice ending World War I and is commemorated in several European countries. The French officials spoke on condition of anonymity in line with regulations.Canadians are being encouraged to stay home this morning .The solemnity of Remembrance Day is butting up against the threat posed by COVID-19.The Royal Canadian Legion is explicitly discouraging Canadians from attending Remembrance Day ceremonies in person this year and instead asking people to watch on TV or online.The legion is promising to include many of the traditional elements of the ceremonies, such as the playing of the Last Post, the singing of In Flanders Fields, and flybys of military aircraft.There will also be a special emphasis on the 75th anniversary of the end of the Second World War after many commemorations planned for earlier this year in Europe and elsewhere were cancelled because of the pandemic.But most observances of Canada’s wartime sacrifices are expected to be extremely small, including in Ottawa, where the legion is planning to have only 100 people in place of the 30,000 who normally turn out for the national ceremony.Many other legion branches across the country have also prepared stripped-down ceremonies, with parades by veterans and serving military personnel cancelled and wreaths laid before the events.Private ceremonies are also being planned by long-term care facilities that are home to some of Canada’s oldest surviving veterans, many of whom might normally attend a local commemoration but who are at particularly high risk due to COVID-19.Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Tuesday encouraged Canadians to mark Remembrance Day despite the pandemic.“Even though we can't gather as we usually do, we can always show our support for our veterans by wearing a poppy and watching the ceremonies online on Remembrance Day,” he said in French.“Thinking of Remembrance Day, let's pay homage to our veterans who have given us so much and to those who continue to serve today.”Conservative Leader Erin O'Toole echoed the sentiment in a Wednesday-morning statement.""Reflection, remembrance, and respect — these are not actions that can only happen during parades or at cenotaphs. They are emotional acts we will uphold during a year when Canadians have dedicated themselves to adapting and persevering through these challenging times," he said.. Every year on Remembrance Day, .Locally, hundreds of residents gather at the cenotaph in Memorial Park in downtown Oshawa for a Remembrance Day parade and ceremony. This year, that ceremony will be held virtually due to the COVID-19 pandemic.Additionally, every year the Royal Canadian Legion Oshawa branch and Oshawa Power work together to hang banners downtown honouring local military veterans. Each banner has the name and picture of a member of the community who has served with a branch of the Canadian military.This year, five new banners were added on the streets of downtown Oshawa as one local resident wanted to pay tribute to her family who also served in the military.“I saw the banners for the first time last year, I made inquiries with the Legion, filled out the application and submitted the information,” says Oshawa resident Terri Normoyle.She had five banners made in honour of her family, which hang on Simcoe Street near the armoury. One is in honour of her uncle, Robert James Normoyle, who was the oldest and longest serving of all the brothers. He signed up in 1939.“He was in the Royal Regiment until his regiment got wiped out at Dieppe. He was one of the few survivors from his regiment to return because they were mostly killed or captured,” says Normoyle.She says her father, Daniel Dennis Normoyle, also has a banner.“We always assumed he was with the Ontario Regiment,” she says, noting he was supposed to be shipped overseas but only got as far as Halifax.She explains he had pneumonia as a child and didn’t pass the physical.“So he trained transport drivers at Camp Borden.”Her other two uncles, Patrick Joseph Normoyle, who served with the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment in Picton, and Gregory Francis Normoyle, the youngest of the brothers who served with the Royal Regiment, are also represented on the banners.“The brothers were all wounded when they were overseas from their action, except my father,” she says.Her brother, Robert Dennis Normoyle, served in the Navy from 1960 to 1963 and was based in Halifax and served on the HMCS Micmac and HMCS Iroquois. His banner hangs next to his father’s banner downtown.“We were pretty proud,” she says, noting some of her cousins and her sister joined her for the occasion.“It was good. We had quite a family grouping for that,” she adds.Having been a history teacher for 25 years at Paul Dwyer Catholic High School, history has always been a life-long passion for Normoyle.“I’ve been interested in history all my life, and of course I knew about my father and his brothers as long as I can remember,” she says. “And when I was just about 11, my brother enlisted in the Navy, so we’ve had this interest and support of the military all my life.”She says she’s always been very honoured and fascinated about her father and his brothers“They probably considered themselves just ordinary people and yet, they had no problem about signing up to serve their country,” she says.Normoyle has travelled to Europe on three military tours to learn more about her family’s history. She first went to Europe in 2004, followed by a trip to Italy in 2014, and again in 2015 for the anniversary of the Liberation of the Netherlands. Since then, she’s also travelled with a small tour group to Vimy for the anniversary of Vimy Ridge.“The travelling was very moving. It really brings everything home,” says Terri. “It makes everything real and it reinforces why we must never go to war so that those kinds of sacrifices are not required of other families.”Smaller communities in Southwestern Ontario  mostly cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.In St. Marys, banners honouring veterans hang throughout the town of about 7,300.“It’s been fantastic. It really has been a very positive reaction,” said Tom Jenkins, president of the St. Marys Legion. “You see people all the time stopping, some folks just wandering around town, checking them out.”It’s a happy coincidence that the banner project coincided with a year that would see most Remembrance Day ceremonies cancelled, Jenkins said.The St. Marys Legion usually holds a parade, but this year wreaths will be laid in advance for an invitation-only ceremony at the cenotaph.The idea for the veteran banners came after seeing them in other small towns, like Mitchell and Seaforth, Jenkins said.Residents can request banners through the legion to honour family members with ties to St. Marys.St. Marys Legion hoped to fill 13 posts and brackets in the downtown core, Jenkins said, but it surpassed that, with banners spilling into side streets and later, shop windows.The 55 banners hanging throughout the town honour veterans from the First and Second World Wars, Korea, Afghanistan, Bosnia and some active service members.Jenkins said 22 people are on a waitlist for banners next year.“It’s a wonderful thing we’ve had happen here in town," Jenkins said.In Thames Centre, Deputy Mayor Kelly Elliott is sharing the stories of area veterans through a social media project on Facebook and Twitter.“I thought it would be really cool since we weren’t doing a Remembrance Day that it would be a great chance to get some of these stories out,” Elliott said.Elliott pulled some stories from history books about front-line soldiers, nurses and doctors from the First and Second World Wars and other came from local resident Jodi McGuffin.“We know that these men and women went off to war, but unless you knew them personally you don’t know who they are or where they came from, or their life story,” Elliott said.Thorndale cancelled its Remembrance Day ceremony and designated times are allotted for residents to lay wreaths at the cenotaph.Elliott said her posts are getting a “great reception."Remembrance Day services will look much different this year  hopes its efforts will help honour war veterans.The Royal Canadian Air Force says it will conduct flybys in several locations across Canada, including four over Vancouver Island and two above Metro Vancouver.A statement from National Defence says the RCAF encourages Canadians to mark Remembrance Day from their homes to the greatest extent possible, while watching the aircraft in accordance with public health guidelines.A turboprop Buffalo aircraft will fly over Campbell River, military helicopters will conduct flybys over Courtenay, Cumberland and Sidney and the four-engine Aurora patrol aircraft will visit Port Moody and Vancouver.The RCAF says all its aircraft will pass at minimum altitudes over each community, although weather and flying conditions will affect each of the flights.Small ceremonies with a handful of participants will be held at many cenotaphs in B.C. but public attendance is not allowed, and the president of the Kamloops Legion says the BC Command of the Royal Canadian Legion has asked all branches to remain closed Wednesday to ensure there are no large gatherings.
