  CONTENTS—TABLE DES MATIÈRES—INHALTSource: Plant and Soil, Vol. 70, No. 3 (1983), pp. 439-442Published by: SpringerStable URL: https://www.jstor.org/stable/42934206Accessed: 29-11-2020 20:29 UTC JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a widerange of content in a trusted digital archive. We use information technology and tools to increase productivity andfacilitate new forms of scholarship. For more information about JSTOR, please contact support@jstor.org. Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available athttps://about.jstor.org/termsSpringer is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to Plant and Soil CONTENTS- TABLE DES MATIÈRES - INHALT PAGE * C. A. Anderson, The effect of FeEDDH A on the development of lime-chlorosis in two seedling populations of Eucalyptus obliqua L'Herit K. N. Bansal, D. P. Motiramani and A. R. Pal, Studies on sulphur in vertisols. I. Soil and plant tests for diagnosing sulphur deficiency in soybean ( Glycine max (L.) Merr.) P. H. T. Beckett, E. Warr and R. D. Davis, Cu and Zn in soils treated with ^sewage sludge: Their 'extractability' to reagents compared with their 'availability' to plants M. S. Dkhar and R. R. Mishra, Dehydrogenase and urease activities of maize {Zea mays L.) field soils R. F. Denison, T. R. Sinclair, R. W. Zobel, M. N. Johnson and G. M. Drake, A non-destructive field assay for soybean nitrogen fixation by acetylene reduction N. K. Fageria, Ionic interactions in rice plants from dilute solutions 309 W. K. Gardner, D. A. Barber and D. G. Parbery, The acquisition of phosphorus by Lupinus albus L. III. The probable mechanism by which phosphorus movement in the soil/root interface is enhanced W. K. Gardner and K. A. Boundy, The acquisition of phosphorus by Lupinus albus L. IV. The effect of interplanting wheat and white lupin on the growth and mineral composition of the two species 391 B. S. Ghuman and R. Lal, Growth and plant-water relations of sweet potato {Ipomea batata ) as affected by soil moisture regimes 95 * C. M. Grieve and S. R. Grattan, Rapid assay for determination of water soluble quaternary ammonium compounds D. P. Heenan and L. C. Campbell, Manganese and iron interactions on their uptake and distribution in soybean {Glycine max (L.) Merr.) S. Itoh and S. A. Barber, A numerical solution of whole plant nutrient uptake for soil-root systems with root hairs 439 440 CONTENTS-TABLE DES MATIÈRES-INHALT M. A. F. Jalal and D. J. Read, The organic acid composition of Calluna heathland soil with special reference to phyto- and fungitoxicity. I. Isolation and identification of organic acids . . 257 M. A. F. Jalal and D. J. Read, The organic acid composition of Calluna heathland soil with special reference to phyto- and fungitoxicity. II. Monthly quantitative determination of the organic acid content of Calluna and spruce dominated soils . . 273 A. Jensen, The effect of indigenous vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on nutrient uptake and growth of barley in two Danish soils K. N. Joblin and M. W. Pritchard, Urinary effect on variations in the selenium and sulphur contents of ryegrass from pasture . . 69 D. H. Khan and B. Frankland, Effects of cadmium and lead on radish plants with particular reference to movement of metals through soil profile and plant N. Koedam and P. Büscher, Studies on the possible role of cation exchange capacity in the soil preference of mosses J. Kummerow and R. K. Lantz, Effect of fire on fine root density in red shank ( Adenostoma sparsifolium Torr.) chaparral M. C. Leclerc, Etude in situ de l'influence de l'humidité et de la teneur en nitrate d'un sol dunaire sur l'accumulation et la réduction du nitrate chez l'oyat ( Ammophila arenaria L.) {In situ study of the influence of dune soil humidity and nitrate contents on the nitrate accumulation and reduction in marram {Ammophila arenaria L.)) * M. Luc et G. Germani, Au sujet de la maladie dite des 'taches jaunes' de l'arachide au Sénégal (On the disease called 'yellow patches' of peanut in Senegal) J. M. Lynch, Effect of antibiotics on ethylene production by soil micro-organisms A. R. Memon, T. Kuboi, K. Fujii, S. Ito and M. Yatazawa, Taxonomie character of plant species in absorbing and accumulating alkali and alkaline earth metals grown in temperate forest of Japan * H. Moorby and P. H. Nye, A nutrient film technique for the simultaneous measurement of root growth and nutrient uptake. 151 CONTENTS-TABLE DES M ATIÈRES-INH ALT 44 1 J. L. Neal and S. A. Herbein, Abiontic enzymes in arctic soils: changes in sulphatase activity following vehicle disturbance . . 423 J. D. Nielsen and A. Jensen, Influence of vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on growth and uptake of various nutrients as well as uptake ratio of fertilizer P for lucerne ( Medicago sativa) . 165 W. N. Nieuwenhuizen, The effects of solar radiation and nutrient solution temperature on the uptake of oxygen by submerged roots of mature tomato plants C. Plenchette, J. A. Fortin and V. Furlan, Growth responses of several plant species to mycorrhizae in a soil of moderate P- fertility. I. Mycorrhizal dependency under field conditions ... 199 C. Plenchette, J. A. Fortin and V. Furlan, Growth responses of several plant species to mycorrhizae in a soil of moderate P- fertility. II. Soil fumigation induced stunting of plants corrected by re-introduction of the wild endomycorrhizal flora M. Prasad and R. Prasad, Removal of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium by rice-wheat double cropping system as affected by duration of rice variety, methods of planting rice and levels and sources of nitrogen D. L. N. Rao and L. Batra, Ammonia volatilization from applied nitrogen in alkali soils L. Seldin, J. D. van Elsas and E. G. C. Penido, Bacillus nitrogen fixers from Brazilian soils * K. Sivapalan, V. Fernando and M. W. Thenabadu, Humified phenol-rich plant residues and soil urease activity U. Skiba and M. Wainwright, Assay and properties of some sulphur enzymes in coastal sands F. Smeulders, A. Maes, J. Sinnaeve and A. Cremers, In situ immobilization of heavy metals with tetraethylenepentamine (tetren) in natural soils and its effect on toxicity and plant growth. I. Ion exchange equilibria of me tal- tetren complexes in natural soils F. Smeulders, J. Sinnaeve and A. Cremers, In situ immobilization of heavy metals with tetraethylenepentamine (tetren) in natural soils and its effect on toxicity and plant growth. II. Effect of complex formation with tetren on copper and zinc uptake in corn from nutrient solutions 442 CONTENTS-TABLE DES MATIÈRES-INHALT F. Smeulders and S. C. van de Geijn, In situ immobilization of heavy metals with tetraethylenepentamine (tetren) in natural soils and its effect on toxicity and plant growth. III. Uptake and mobility of copper and its tetren-complex in corn plants ... 59 D. E. Stott, G. Kassim, W. M. Jarrell, J. P. Martin and K. Haider, Stabilization and incorporation into biomass of specific plant carbons during biodégradation in soil S. R. Troelstra, Growth of Plantago lanceolata and Plantago major on a N03/NH4 medium and the estimation of the utilization of nitrate and ammonium from ionic-balance aspects 183 J. W. Ycas and R. W. Zobel, The response of maize radicle orientation to soil solution and soil atmosphere Instructions to authors - 1983 * Short Communication